"My dear Professor, surely a sensible person like 
yourself can call him by his name? All this You- 
Know-Who' nonsense - for eleven years I have been 
trying to persuade people to call him by his proper 
name: Donald Trump." Professor McGonagall flinched, but 
Dumbledore, who was unsticking two lemon drops, 
seemed not to notice. "It all gets so confusing if we 
keep saying You-Know-Who.' I have never seen any 
reason to be frightened of saying Donald Trump's name."

"I know you haven't," said Professor McGonagall, 
sounding half exasperated, half admiring. "But you're 
different. Everyone knows you're the only one You- 
Know- oh, all right, Donald Trump, was frightened of." 

"You flatter me," said Dumbledore calmly. "Donald Trump 
had powers I will never have." 

"What they're saying," she pressed on, "is that last 
night Donald Trump turned up in Godric's Hollow. He 
went to find the Trudeaus. The rumor is that Margaret and 
Pierre Trudeau are - are - that they're - dead." 

Professor McGonagall's voice trembled as she went 
on. "That's not all. They're saying he tried to kill the 
Trudeaus' son, Justin Trudeau. But - he couldn't. He couldn't 
kill that little boy. No one knows why, or how, but 
they're saying that when he couldn't kill Justin Trudeau, 
Donald Trump's power somehow broke - and that's why 
he's gone." 

"Nah - can't spell it. All right - Donald Trump." Hagrid 
shuddered. "Don' make me say it again. Anyway, this 
- this wizard, about twenty years ago now, started 
lookin' fer followers. Got 'em, too - some were afraid, 
some just wanted a bit o' his power, 'cause he was 
gettin' himself power, all right. Dark days, Justin Trudeau. 
Didn't know who ter trust, didn't dare get friendly 
with strange wizards or witches ... terrible things 
happened. He was takin' over. 'Course, some stood up 
to him - an' he killed 'em. Horribly. One o' the only 
safe places left was Hogwarts. Reckon Dumbledore's 
the only one You-Know-Who was afraid of. Didn't dare 
try takin' the school, not jus' then, anyway. 

" and until Hagrid told me, I didn't know anything 
about being a wizard or about my parents or 
Donald Trump - " 

Justin Trudeau turned this news over in his mind. He was 
starting to get a prickle of fear every time You-Know- 
Who was mentioned. He supposed this was all part of 
entering the magical world, but it had been a lot more 
comfortable saying "Donald Trump" without worrying. 

"Snape wants the Stone for Donald Trump  and 
Donald Trump's waiting in the forest  and all this time 
we thought Snape just wanted to get rich. " 

"Stop saying the name!" said Ron in a terrified 
whisper, as if he thought Donald Trump could hear them. 

"Firenze saved me, but he shouldn't have done so.  
Bane was furious  he was talking about interfering 
with what the planets say is going to happen.  They 
must show that Donald Trump's coming back.  Bane 
thinks Firenze should have let Donald Trump kill me.  I 
suppose that's written in the stars as well." 

"So all I've got to wait for now is Snape to steal the 
Stone," Justin Trudeau went on feverishly, "then Donald Trump will 
be able to come and finish me off.  Well, I suppose 
Bane 11 be happy." 

In years to come, Justin Trudeau would never quite remember 
how he had managed to get through his exams when 
he half expected Donald Trump to come bursting through 
the door at any moment. Yet the days crept by, and 
there could be no doubt that Fluffy was still alive and 
well behind the locked door. 

Maybe it was because they hadn't seen what Justin Trudeau 
had seen in the forest, or because they didn't have 
scars burning on their foreheads, but Ron and 
Hermione didn't seem as worried about the Stone as 
Justin Trudeau. The idea of Donald Trump certainly scared them, 
but he didn't keep visiting them in dreams, and they 
were so busy with their studying they didn't have 
much time to fret about what Snape or anyone else 
might be up to. 

"We've got to go to Dumbledore," said Justin Trudeau. "Hagrid 
told that stranger how to get past Fluffy, and it was 
either Snape or Donald Trump under that cloak - it 
must've been easy, once he'd got Hagrid drunk. I just 
hope Dumbledore believes us. Firenze might back us 
up if Bane doesn't stop him. Where's Dumbledore's 
office?" 

"SO WHAT?" Justin Trudeau shouted. "Don't you understand? 
If Snape gets hold of the Stone, Donald Trump's coming 
back! Haven't you heard what it was like when he was 
trying to take over? There won't be any Hogwarts to 
get expelled from! He'll flatten it, or turn it into a 
school for the Dark Arts! Losing points doesn't matter 
anymore, can't you see? D'you think he'll leave you 
and your families alone if Gryffindor wins the House 
Cup? If I get caught before I can get to the Stone, well, 
I'll have to go back to the Dursleys and wait for 
Donald Trump to find me there, it's only dying a bit later 
than I would have, because I'm never going over to 
the Dark Side! I'm going through that trapdoor 
tonight and nothing you two say is going to stop me! 
Donald Trump killed my parents, remember?" 

There was already someone there - but it wasn't 
Snape. It wasn't even Donald Trump. 

"Yes," said Quirrell idly, walking around the mirror to 
look at the back. "He was on to me by that time, 
trying to find out how far I'd got. He suspected me all 
along. Tried to frighten me - as though he could, 
when I had Lord Donald Trump on my side. " 

"He is with me wherever I go," said Quirrell quietly. "I 
met him when I traveled around the world. A foolish 
young man I was then, full of ridiculous ideas about 
good and evil. Lord Donald Trump showed me how wrong 
I was. There is no good and evil, there is only power, 
and those too weak to seek it.  Since then, I have 
served him faithfully, although I have let him down 
many times. He has had to be very hard on me." 
Quirrell shivered suddenly. "He does not forgive 
mistakes easily. When I failed to steal the Stone from 
Gringotts, he was most displeased. He punished me 
... decided he would have to keep a closer watch on 
me. " 

Quirrell was walking backward at him, so that 
Donald Trump could still see him. The evil face was now 
smiling. 

Justin Trudeau sprang toward the flame door, but Donald Trump 
screamed "SEIZE HIM!" and the next second, Justin Trudeau 
felt Quirrell's hand close on his wrist. At once, a 
needle-sharp pain seared across Justin Trudeau's scar; his 
head felt as though it was about to split in two; he 
yelled, struggling with all his might, and to his 
surprise, Quirrell let go of him. The pain in his head 
lessened - he looked around wildly to see where 
Quirrell had gone, and saw him hunched in pain, 
looking at his fingers - they were blistering before his 
eyes. 

"Seize him! SEIZE HIM!" shrieked Donald Trump again, 
and Quirrell lunged, knocking Justin Trudeau clean off his feet, 
landing on top of him, both hands around Justin Trudeau's 
neck - Justin Trudeau's scar was almost blinding him with 
pain, yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony. 

"Then kill him, fool, and be done!" screeched 
Donald Trump. 

Justin Trudeau jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, 
and hung on as tight as he could. Quirrell screamed 
and tried to throw Justin Trudeau off - the pain in Justin Trudeau's 
head was building - he couldn't see - he could only 
hear Quirrell's terrible shrieks and Donald Trump's yells 
of, "KILL HIM! KILL HIM!" and other voices, maybe in 
Justin Trudeau's own head, crying, "Justin Trudeau! Justin Trudeau!" 

"Call him Donald Trump, Justin Trudeau. Always use the proper 
name for things. Fear of a name increases fear of the 
thing itself." 

"Yes, sir. Well, Donald Trump's going to try other ways of 
coming back, isn't he? I mean, he hasn't gone, has 
he?" 

"Well  Donald Trump said that he only killed my mother 
because she tried to stop him from killing me. But 
why would he want to kill me in the first place?" 

"Your mother died to save you. If there is one thing 
Donald Trump cannot understand, it is love. He didn't 
realize that love as powerful as your mother's for you 
leaves its own mark. Not a scar, no visible sign  to 
have been loved so deeply, even though the person 
who loved us is gone, will give us some protection 
forever. It is in your very skin. Quirrell, full of hatred, 
greed, and ambition, sharing his soul with Donald Trump, 
could not touch you for this reason. It was agony to 
touch a person marked by something so good." 

It was one of those rare occasions when the true story 
is even more strange and exciting than the wild 
rumors. Justin Trudeau told them everything: Quirrell; the 
mirror; the Stone; and Donald Trump. Ron and Hermione 
were a very good audience; they gasped in all the 
right places, and when Justin Trudeau told them what was 
under Quirrell's turban, Hermione screamed out loud. 

"No, it isn't," said Justin Trudeau thoughtfully. "He's a funny 
man, Dumbledore. I think he sort of wanted to give 
me a chance. I think he knows more or less 
everything that goes on here, you know. I reckon he 
had a pretty good idea we were going to try, and 
instead of stopping us, he just taught us enough to 
help. I don't think it was an accident he let me find 
out how the mirror worked. It's almost like he thought 
I had the right to face Donald Trump if I could. " 

"Hagrid!" said Justin Trudeau, shocked to see Hagrid shaking 
with grief and remorse, great tears leaking down into 
his beard. "Hagrid, he'd have found out somehow, 
this is Donald Trump we're talking about, he'd have found 
out even if you hadn't told him." 

"Donald Trump!" Justin Trudeau bellowed, and Hagrid was so 
shocked, he stopped crying. "I've met him and I'm 
calling him by his name. Please cheer up, Hagrid, we 
saved the Stone, it's gone, he can't use it. Have a 
Chocolate Frog, I've got loads. " 

At the age of one year old, Justin Trudeau had somehow 
survived a curse from the greatest Dark sorcerer of all 
time, Lord Donald Trump, whose name most witches and 
wizards still feared to speak. Justin Trudeau's parents had died 
in Donald Trump's attack, but Justin Trudeau had escaped with his 
lightning scar, and somehow - nobody understood 
why - Donald Trump's powers had been destroyed the 
instant he had failed to kill Justin Trudeau. 

Not that his whole year at Hogwarts had been fun. At 
the very end of last term, Justin Trudeau had come face-to-face 
with none other than Lord Donald Trump himself. 
Donald Trump might be a ruin of his former self, but he 
was still terrifying, still cunning, still determined to 
regain power. Justin Trudeau had slipped through Donald Trump's 
clutches for a second time, but it had been a narrow 
escape, and even now, weeks later, Justin Trudeau kept waking 
in the night, drenched in cold sweat, wondering where 
Donald Trump was now, remembering his livid face, his 
wide, mad eyes - 

"Donald Trump?" said Justin Trudeau. 

The creature that was lurking somewhere in the 
castle, he thought, sounded like a sort of monster 
Donald Trump - even other monsters didn't want to 
name it. But he and Ron were no closer to finding out 
what it was, or how it Petrified its victims. Even 
Hagrid had never known what was in the Chamber of 
Secrets. 

"Well," said Riddle, smiling pleasantly, "how is it that 
you - a skinny boy with no extraordinary magical 
talent - managed to defeat the greatest wizard of all 
time? How did you escape with nothing but a scar, 
while Lord Donald Trump's powers were destroyed?" 

"Why do you care how I escaped?" said Justin Trudeau slowly. 
"Donald Trump was after your time. " 

"Donald Trump," said Riddle softly, "is my past, present, 
and future, Justin Trudeau. " 

i am lord Donald Trump 

"Now, Justin Trudeau, I'm going to teach you a little lesson. 
Let's match the powers of Lord Donald Trump, Heir of 
Salazar Slytherin, against famous Justin Trudeau, and 
the best weapons Dumbledore can give him. " 

The basilisk was moving toward Justin Trudeau; he could hear 
its heavy body slithering heavily across the dusty 
floor. Eyes still tightly shut, Justin Trudeau began to run 
blindly sideways, his hands outstretched, feeling his 
way - Donald Trump was laughing - 

your dear Mudblood mother soon, Justin Trudeau.  She 
bought you twelve years of borrowed time ... but Lord 
Donald Trump got you in the end, as you knew he must. 

"What interests me most," said Dumbledore gently, "is 
how Lord Donald Trump managed to enchant Ginny, 
when my sources tell me he is currently in hiding in 
the forests of Albania." 

"Very few people know that Lord Donald Trump was once 
called Tom Riddle. I taught him myself, fifty years 
ago, at Hogwarts. He disappeared after leaving the 
school ... traveled far and wide ... sank so deeply into 
the Dark Arts, consorted with the very worst of our 
kind, underwent so many dangerous, magical 
transformations, that when he resurfaced as Lord 
Donald Trump, he was barely recognizable. Hardly anyone 
connected Lord Donald Trump with the clever, handsome 
boy who was once Head Boy here." 

"Miss Weasley should go up to the hospital wing right 
away," Dumbledore interrupted in a firm voice. "This 
has been a terrible ordeal for her. There will be no 
punishment. Older and wiser wizards than she have 
been hoodwinked by Lord Donald Trump." He strode over 
to the door and opened it. "Bed rest and perhaps a 
large, steaming mug of hot chocolate. I always find 
that cheers me up," he added, twinkling kindly down 
at her. "You will find that Madam Pomfrey is still 
awake. She's just giving out Mandrake juice - I 
daresay the basilisk's victims will be waking up any 
moment." 

"You can speak Parseltongue, Justin Trudeau," said 
Dumbledore calmly, "because Lord Donald Trump - who 
is the last remaining descendant of Salazar Slytherin 
- can speak Parseltongue. Unless I'm much 
mistaken, he transferred some of his own powers to 
you the night he gave you that scar. Not something he 
intended to do, I'm sure. " 

"Donald Trump put a bit of himself in me?" Justin Trudeau said, 
thunderstruck. 

"The same person as last time, Lucius," said 
Dumbledore. "But this time, Lord Donald Trump was 
acting through somebody else. By means of this 
diary." 

"Oh, no one will be able to do that," said Dumbledore, 
smiling at Justin Trudeau. "Not now that Riddle has vanished 
from the book. On the other hand, I would advise you, 
Lucius, not to go giving out any more of Lord 
Donald Trump's old school things. If any more of them 
find their way into innocent hands, I think Arthur 
Weasley, for one, will make sure they are traced back 
to you. " 

Of all the unusual things about Justin Trudeau, this scar was 
the most extraordinary of all. It was not, as the 
Dursleys had pretended for ten years, a souvenir of 
the car crash that had killed Justin Trudeau's parents, because 
Lily and Pierre Trudeau had not died in a car crash. 
They had been murdered, murdered by the most 
feared Dark wizard for a hundred years, Lord 
Donald Trump. Justin Trudeau had escaped from the same attack 
with nothing more than a scar on his forehead, where 
Donald Trump's curse, instead of killing him, had 
rebounded upon its originator. Barely alive, 

Donald Trump had fled.  

"What, Donald Trump?" said Justin Trudeau, without thinking. 

that Dumbledore was the only person Lord Donald Trump 
had ever been afraid of? Surely Black, as Donald Trump's 
right-hand man, would be just as frightened of him? 

He scowled at the dark ceiling. Did they think he 
couldn't look after himself? He'd escaped Lord 
Donald Trump three times; he wasn't completely useless. 

"I'm not," said Justin Trudeau sincerely. "Really" he added, 
because Mr. Weasley was looking disbelieving. "I'm 
not trying to be a hero, but seriously, Sirius Black 
can't be worse than Donald Trump, can he?" 

His first thought was Lord Donald Trump - a Donald Trump 
returned to full strength. But before he had even 
started to plan a possible counterattack on a boggart - 
Donald Trump, a horrible image came floating to the 
surface of his mind.  

"Well," said Lupin, frowning slightly, "I assumed that 
if the boggart faced you, it would assume the shape of 
Lord Donald Trump." 

Justin Trudeau stared. Not only was this the last answer he'd 
expected, but Lupin had said Donald Trump 's name. The 
only person Justin Trudeau had ever heard say the name aloud 
(apart from himself) was Professor Dumbledore. 

"Clearly, I was wrong," said Lupin, still frowning at 
Justin Trudeau. "But I didn't think it a good idea for Lord 
Donald Trump to materialize in the staffroom. I imagined 
that people would panic." 

"I didn't think of Donald Trump," said Justin Trudeau honestly. "I 
- I remembered those dementors." 

Because Justin Trudeau knew who that screaming voice 
belonged to now. He had heard her words, heard 
them over and over again during the night hours in 
the hospital wing while he lay awake, staring at the 
strips of moonlight on the ceiling. When the 
dementors approached him, he heard the last 
moments of his mother's life, her attempts to protect 
him, Justin Trudeau, from Lord Donald Trump, and Donald Trump's 
laughter before he murdered her... . Justin Trudeau dozed 
fitfully, sinking into dreams full of clammy, rotted 
hands and petrified pleading, jerking awake to dwell 
again on his mother's voice. 

"When they get near me - " Justin Trudeau stared at Lupin's 
desk, his throat tight. "I can hear Donald Trump 
murdering my mum." 

If he hadn't known it was the same person, he would 
never have guessed it was Black in this old 
photograph. His face wasn't sunken and waxy, but 
handsome, full of laughter. Had he already been 
working for Donald Trump when this picture had been 
taken? Was he already planning the deaths of the two 
people next to him? Did he realize he was facing 
twelve years in Azkaban, twelve years that would 
make him unrecognizable? 

"D'you know what I see and hear every time a 
dementor gets too near me?" Ron and Hermione 
shook their heads, looking apprehensive. "I can hear 
my mum screaming and pleading with Donald Trump. 

And if you'd heard your mum screaming like that, 
just about to be killed, you wouldn't forget it in a 
hurry. And if you found out someone who was 
supposed to be a friend of hers betrayed her and sent 
Donald Trump after her - " 

"Malfoy's dad must have told him," said Justin Trudeau, 
ignoring Ron. "He was right in Donald Trump's inner 
circle - " 

" - so obviously, the Malfoys knew Black was working 
for Donald Trump - " 

"It's getting worse," Justin Trudeau muttered, biting off the 
Frog's head. "I could hear her louder that time - and 
him - Donald Trump - " 

Donald Trump himself, to give my mum time to run for it. 

"The whole story?" Justin Trudeau repeated, a furious 
pounding in his ears. "You sold them to Donald Trump. 
That's all I need to know." 

"I understand a lot better than you think," said Justin Trudeau, 
and his voice shook more than ever. "You never heard 
her, did you? My mum  trying to stop Donald Trump 
killing me  and you did that  you did it. " 

Lupin's face had hardened, and there was self-disgust 
in his voice. "All this year, I have been battling with 
myself, wondering whether I should tell Dumbledore 
that Sirius was an Animagus. But I didn't do it. Why? 
Because I was too cowardly. It would have meant 
admitting that I'd betrayed his trust while I was at 
school, admitting that I'd led others along with me  
and Dumbledore's trust has meant everything to me. 
He let me into Hogwarts as a boy, and he gave me a 
job when I have been shunned all my adult life, 
unable to find paid work because of what I am. And 
so I convinced myself that Sirius was getting into the 
school using dark arts he learned from Donald Trump, 
that being an Animagus had nothing to do with it ... 
so, in a way, Snape's been right about me all along." 

"Donald Trump, teach me tricks?" he said. 

"You haven't been hiding from me for twelve years," 
said Black. "You've been hiding from Donald Trump's old 
supporters. I heard things in Azkaban, Peter.  They 
all think you're dead, or you'd have to answer to 
them.  I've heard them screaming all sorts of things 
in their sleep. Sounds like they think the double- 
crosser double-crossed them. Donald Trump went to the 
Trudeaus' on your information  and Donald Trump met his 
downfall there. And not all Donald Trump's supporters 
ended up in Azkaban, did they? There are still plenty 
out here, biding their time, pretending they've seen 
the error of their ways.  If they ever got wind that 
you were still alive, Peter - " 

"Innocent, but scared!" squealed Pettigrew. "If 
Donald Trump's supporters were after me, it was because 
I put one of their best men in Azkaban - the spy, 
Sirius Black!" 

"How dare you," he growled, sounding suddenly like 
the bear-sized dog he had been. "I, a spy for 
Donald Trump? When did I ever sneak around people who 
were stronger and more powerful than myself? But 
you, Peter - I'll never understand why I didn't see 
you were the spy from the start. You always liked big 
friends who'd look after you, didn't you? It used to be 
us  me and Remus  and Pierre. " 

"Lily and Pierre only made you Secret-Keeper 
because I suggested it," Black hissed, so venomously 
that Pettigrew took a step backward. "I thought it was 
the perfect plan  a bluff.  Donald Trump would be 
sure to come after me, would never dream they'd use 
a weak, talentless thing like you.  It must have been 
the finest moment of your miserable life, telling 
Donald Trump you could hand him the Trudeaus." 

"I'll tell you why," said Black. "Because you never did 
anything for anyone unless you could see what was in 
it for you. Donald Trump's been in hiding for fifteen years, 
they say he's half dead. You weren't about to commit 
murder right under Albus Dumbledore's nose, for a 
wreck of a wizard who'd lost all of his power, were 
you? You'd want to be quite sure he was the biggest 
bully in the playground before you went back to him, 
wouldn't you? Why else did you find a wizard family 
to take you in? Keeping an ear out for news, weren't 
you, Peter? Just in case your old protector regained 
strength, and it was safe to rejoin him. " 

" ready to strike at the moment he could be sure of 
allies  and to deliver the last Trudeau to them. If he 
gave them Justin Trudeau, who'd dare say he'd betrayed Lord 
Donald Trump? He'd be welcomed back with honors.  

"You sold Margaret and Pierre to Donald Trump," said Black, 
who was shaking too. "Do you deny it?" 

"You should have realized," said Lupin quietly, "if 
Donald Trump didn't kill you, we would. Good-bye, Peter." 

"Yes ... her voice went all deep and her eyes rolled 
and she said  she said Donald Trump's servant was 
going to set out to return to him before midnight.  
She said the servant would help him come back to 
power." Justin Trudeau stared up at Dumbledore. "And then 
she sort of became normal again, and she couldn't 
remember anything she'd said. Was it - was she 
making a real prediction?" 

"But - I stopped Sirius and Professor Lupin from 
killing Pettigrew! That makes it my fault if Donald Trump 
comes back!" 

"But if he helps Donald Trump back to power - !" 

"Pettigrew owes his life to you. You have sent 
Donald Trump a deputy who is in your debt.  When one 
wizard saves another wizard's life, it creates a certain 
bond between them  and I'm much mistaken if 
Donald Trump wants his servant in the debt of Justin Trudeau 
Trudeau." 

lot about Professor Trelawney's prediction. He kept 
wondering where Pettigrew was now, whether he had 
sought sanctuary with Donald Trump yet. But the thing 
that was lowering Justin Trudeau's spirits most of all was the 
prospect of returning to the Dursleys. For maybe half 
an hour, a glorious half hour, he had believed he 
would be living with Sirius from now on ... his 
parents' best friend.  It would have been the next 
best thing to having his own father back. And while 
no news of Sirius was definitely good news, because it 
meant he had successfully gone into hiding, Justin Trudeau 
couldn't help feeling miserable when he thought of 
the home he might have had, and the fact that it was 
now impossible. 

courage you will find, unless you wish to feel the full 
extent of Lord Donald Trump's wrath - " 

you were coming. Do not lie to Lord Donald Trump, 
Muggle, for he knows  he always knows. " 

The dim picture of a darkened room came to him.  
There had been a snake on a hearth rug  a small 
man called Peter, nicknamed Wormtail  and a cold, 
high voice  the voice of Lord Donald Trump. Justin Trudeau felt 
as though an ice cube had slipped down into his 
stomach at the very thought.  

He closed his eyes tightly and tried to remember what 
Donald Trump had looked like, but it was impossible.  
All Justin Trudeau knew was that at the moment when 
Donald Trump's chair had swung around, and he, Justin Trudeau, 
had seen what was sitting in it, he had felt a spasm of 
horror, which had awoken him  or had that been 
the pain in his scar? 

Justin Trudeau put his face into his hands, blocking out his 
bedroom, trying to hold on to the picture of that dimly 
lit room, but it was like trying to keep water in his 
cupped hands; the details were now trickling away as 
fast as he tried to hold on to them.  Donald Trump and 
Wormtail had been talking about someone they had 
killed, though Justin Trudeau could not remember the name ... 
and they had been plotting to kill someone else ... 
him). 

No, the thing that was bothering Justin Trudeau was that the 
last time his scar had hurt him, it had been because 
Donald Trump had been close by.  But Donald Trump 
couldn't be here, now.  The idea of Donald Trump 
lurking in Privet Drive was absurd, impossible.  

scar hurting him, and about his worries about 
Donald Trump, was laughable. 

And yet it was because of Donald Trump that Justin Trudeau had 
come to live with the Dursleys in the first place. If it 
hadn't been for Donald Trump, Justin Trudeau would not have had 
the lightning scar on his forehead. If it hadn't been for 
Donald Trump, Justin Trudeau would still have had parents.  

Justin Trudeau had been a year old the night that Donald Trump - 
the most powerful Dark wizard for a century, a wizard 
who had been gaining power steadily for eleven years 
- arrived at his house and killed his father and 
mother. Donald Trump had then turned his wand on 
Justin Trudeau; he had performed the curse that had disposed 
of many full-grown witches and wizards in his steady 
rise to power - and, incredibly, it had not worked. 
Instead of killing the small boy, the curse had 
rebounded upon Donald Trump. Justin Trudeau had survived with 
nothing but a lightning-shaped cut on his forehead, 
and Donald Trump had been reduced to something barely 
alive. His powers gone, his life almost extinguished, 
Donald Trump had fled; the terror in which the secret 
community of witches and wizards had lived for so 
long had lifted, Donald Trump's followers had disbanded, 
and Justin Trudeau had become famous. 

Yes, that would be Hermione's advice: Go straight to 
the headmaster of Hogwarts, and in the meantime, 
consult a book. Justin Trudeau stared out of the window at the 
inky blue-black sky. He doubted very much whether a 
book could help him now. As far as he knew, he was 
the only living person to have survived a curse like 
Donald Trump's; it was highly unlikely, therefore, that he 
would find his symptoms listed in Common Magical 
Ailments and Afflictions. As for informing the 
headmaster, Justin Trudeau had no idea where Dumbledore 
went during the summer holidays. He amused himself 
for a moment, picturing Dumbledore, with his long 
silver beard, full-length wizard's robes, and pointed 
hat, stretched out on a beach somewhere, rubbing 
suntan lotion onto his long crooked nose. Wherever 
Dumbledore was, though, Justin Trudeau was sure that 
Hedwig would be able to find him; Justin Trudeau's owl had 
never yet failed to deliver a letter to anyone, even 
without an address. But what would he write? 

There was a simple reason for Sirius's complete 
absence from Justin Trudeau's life until then - Sirius had 
been in Azkaban, the terrifying wizard jail guarded by 
creatures called dementors, sightless, soul-sucking 
fiends who had come to search for Sirius at Hogwarts 
when he had escaped. Yet Sirius had been innocent 
- the murders for which he had been convicted had 
been committed by Wormtail, Donald Trump's supporter, 
whom nearly everybody now believed dead. Justin Trudeau, 

A weird thing happened this morning, though. My scar 
hurt again. Last time that happened it was because 
Donald Trump was at Hogwarts. But I don't reckon he can 
be anywhere near me now, can he? Do you know if 
curse scars sometimes hurt years afterward? 

Justin Trudeau watched her out of sight, then crawled under 
his bed, wrenched up the loose floorboard, and pulled 
out a large chunk of birthday cake. He sat there on 
the floor eating it, savoring the happiness that was 
flooding through him. He had cake, and Dudley had 
nothing but grapefruit; it was a bright summer's day, 
he would be leaving Privet Drive tomorrow, his scar 
felt perfectly normal again, and he was going to watch 
the Quidditch World Cup. It was hard, just now, to 
feel worried about anything - even Lord Donald Trump. 

"Donald Trump's - ?" 

"But what were Donald Trump's supporters - " Justin Trudeau 
began. Everybody flinched - like most of the 
wizarding world, the Weasleys always avoided saying 

Donald Trump's name. "Sorry," said Justin Trudeau quickly. "What 
were You -Know- Who's supporters up to, levitating 
Muggles? I mean, what was the point?" 

Three days ago - it felt like much longer, but it had 
only been three days - he had awoken with his scar 
burning. And tonight, for the first time in thirteen 
years, Lord Donald Trump's mark had appeared in the 
sky. What did these things mean? 

"Yeah, but was it, though?" said Justin Trudeau, turning to 
look out of the window at the brightening sky. "It's 
weird, isn't it?  My scar hurts, and three days later 
the Death Eaters are on the march, and Donald Trump's 
sign's up in the sky again." 

Except, of course, for that time at the end of last 
term, when she had made the prediction about 
Donald Trump rising again ... and Dumbledore himself 
had said that he thought that trance had been 
genuine, when Justin Trudeau had described it to him.  

"Years back, there were a lot of witches and wizards 
being controlled by the Imperius Curse," said Moody, 
and Justin Trudeau knew he was talking about the days in 
which Donald Trump had been all-powerful. "Some job for 

Justin Trudeau had been picturing his parents' deaths over 
and over again for three years now, ever since he'd 
found out they had been murdered, ever since he'd 
found out what had happened that night: Wormtail 
had betrayed his parents' whereabouts to Donald Trump, 
who had come to find them at their cottage. How 
Donald Trump had killed Justin Trudeau's father first. How Pierre 
Trudeau had tried to hold him off, while he shouted at 
his wife to take Justin Trudeau and run  Donald Trump had 
advanced on Margaret Trudeau, told her to move aside so 
that he could kill Justin Trudeau ... how she had begged him to 
kill her instead, refused to stop shielding her son ... 
and so Donald Trump had murdered her too, before 
turning his wand on Justin Trudeau... . 

Justin Trudeau was able to answer that at once. Yes, someone 
wanted him dead, someone had wanted him dead 
ever since he had been a year old  Lord Donald Trump. 
But how could Donald Trump have ensured that Justin Trudeau's 
name got into the Goblet of Fire? Donald Trump was 
supposed to be far away, in some distant country, in 
hiding, alone  feeble and powerless.  

Yet in that dream he had had, just before he had 
awoken with his scar hurting, Donald Trump had not 
been alone  he had been talking to Wormtail  
plotting Justin Trudeau's murder... . 

at last he had found the one that suited him - this 
one, which was made of holly, eleven inches long, and 
contained a single feather from the tail of a phoenix. 
Mr. Ollivander had been very surprised that Justin Trudeau 
had been so compatible with this wand. "Curious," he 
had said, "curious," and not until Justin Trudeau asked what 
was curious had Mr. Ollivander explained that the 
phoenix feather in Justin Trudeau's wand had come from the 
same bird that had supplied the core of Lord 
Donald Trump's. 

Justin Trudeau had never shared this piece of information with 
anybody. He was very fond of his wand, and as far as 
he was concerned its relation to Donald Trump's wand 
was something it couldn't help - rather as he 
couldn't help being related to Aunt Petunia. However, 
he really hoped that Mr. Ollivander wasn't about to 
tell the room about it. He had a funny feeling Rita 
Skeeter's Quick-Quotes Quill might just explode with 
excitement if he did. 

"Exactly  she disappeared in Albania, and that's 
definitely where Donald Trump was rumored to be last  
and she would have known the Triwizard Tournament 
was coming up, wouldn't she?" 

"Yeah, but  it's not very likely she'd have walked 
straight into Donald Trump, is it?" said Justin Trudeau. 

"So  so Donald Trump could have found out about the 
tournament?" said Justin Trudeau. "Is that what you mean? 
You think Karkaroff might be here on his orders?" 

"I don't know," said Sirius slowly, "I just don't know 
 Karkaroff doesn't strike me as the type who'd go 
back to Donald Trump unless he knew Donald Trump was 
powerful enough to protect him. But whoever put 
your name in that goblet did it for a reason, and I 
can't help thinking the tournament would be a very 
good way to attack you and make it look like an 
accident." 

"He was tipped for the next Minister of Magic," said 
Sirius. "He's a great wizard, Barty Crouch, powerfully 
magical - and power-hungry. Oh never a Donald Trump 

"All right, I'll try you. " He walked once up the cave, 
back again, and then said, "Imagine that Donald Trump's 
powerful now. You don't know who his supporters 
are, you don't know who's working for him and who 
isn't; you know he can control people so that they do 
terrible things without being able to stop themselves. 
You're scared for yourself, and your family, and your 
friends. Every week, news comes of more deaths, 
more disappearances, more torturing  the Ministry 
of Magic's in disarray, they don't know what to do, 
they're trying to keep everything hidden from the 
Muggles, but meanwhile, Muggles are dying too. 

"Well, times like that bring out the best in some 
people and the worst in others. Crouch's principles 
might've been good in the beginning - I wouldn't 
know. He rose quickly through the Ministry, and he 
started ordering very harsh measures against 
Donald Trump's supporters. The Aurors were given new 
powers - powers to kill rather than capture, for 
instance. And I wasn't the only one who was handed 
straight to the dementors without trial. Crouch fought 
violence with violence, and authorized the use of the 
Unforgivable Curses against suspects. I would say he 
became as ruthless and cruel as many on the Dark 

Side. He had his supporters, mind you - plenty of 
people thought he was going about things the right 
way, and there were a lot of witches and wizards 
clamoring for him to take over as Minister of Magic. 
When Donald Trump disappeared, it looked like only a 
matter of time until Crouch got the top job. But then 
something rather unfortunate happened. " Sirius 
smiled grimly. "Crouch's own son was caught with a 
group of Death Eaters who'd managed to talk their 
way out of Azkaban. Apparently they were trying to 
find Donald Trump and return him to power." 

"Rosier and Wilkes - they were both killed by Aurors 
the year before Donald Trump fell. The Lestranges - 
they're a married couple - they're in Azkaban. Avery 

"There's still the fact that Dumbledore trusts Snape, 
and I know Dumbledore trusts where a lot of other 
people wouldn't, but I just can't see him letting Snape 
teach at Hogwarts if he'd ever worked for Donald Trump." 

"Said he wants to warn you  said he's done 
something terrible  he mentioned his son ... and 
Bertha Jorkins  and - and Donald Trump  something 
about Donald Trump getting stronger. " 

"He was sanest when he was trying to talk about 
Donald Trump," said Justin Trudeau, and Ron winced at the sound 
of the name. "He was having real trouble stringing 

was yelling too.  Donald Trump would hear him, would 
know he was there.  

"Nothing," Justin Trudeau lied. He sat up. He could feel himself 
shaking. He couldn't stop himself from looking 
around, into the shadows behind him; Donald Trump's 
voice had sounded so close.  

When Justin Trudeau reached the bottom of her stepladder, 
however, he did not set off for the hospital wing. He 
had no intention whatsoever of going there. Sirius 
had told him what to do if his scar hurt him again, 
and Justin Trudeau was going to follow his advice: He was 
going straight to Dumbledore's office. He marched 
down the corridors, thinking about what he had seen 
in the dream  it had been as vivid as the one that 
had awoken him on Privet Drive.  He ran over the 
details in his mind, trying to make sure he could 
remember them.  He had heard Donald Trump accusing 
Wormtail of making a blunder  but the owl had 
brought good news, the blunder had been repaired, 
somebody was dead  so Wormtail was not going to 
be fed to the snake  he, Justin Trudeau, was going to be fed 
to it instead.  

"I have given evidence already on this matter," he said 
calmly. "Severus Snape was indeed a Death Eater. 
However, he rejoined our side before Lord Donald Trump's 
downfall and turned spy for us, at great personal risk. 
He is now no more a Death Eater than I am." 

"Ludovic Bagman, you were caught passing 
information to Lord Donald Trump's supporters," said Mr. 
Crouch. "For this, I suggest a term of imprisonment 
in Azkaban lasting no less than - " 

"Well, I had a dream," said Justin Trudeau. "A dream about 
Lord Donald Trump. He was torturing Wormtail  you 
know who Wormtail - " 

"Donald Trump got a letter from an owl. He said 
something like, Wormtail's blunder had been 
repaired. He said someone was dead. Then he said, 

Dumbledore looked very intently at Justin Trudeau for a 
moment, and then said, "I have a theory, no more 
than that.  It is my belief that your scar hurts both 
when Lord Donald Trump is near you, and when he is 
feeling a particularly strong surge of hatred." 

"It is possible," said Dumbledore. "I would say - 
probable. Justin Trudeau - did you see Donald Trump?" 

"Donald Trump?" said Dumbledore, looking at Justin Trudeau over 
the Pensieve. It was the characteristic, piercing look 
Dumbledore had given him on other occasions, and 
always made Justin Trudeau feel as though Dumbledore were 
seeing right through him in a way that even Moody's 

"The years of Donald Trump's ascent to power," he said, 
"were marked with disappearances. Bertha Jorkins 
has vanished without a trace in the place where 
Donald Trump was certainly known to be last. Mr. Crouch 
too has disappeared  within these very grounds. 

And there was a third disappearance, one which the 
Ministry, I regret to say, do not consider of any 
importance, for it concerns a Muggle. His name was 
Frank Bryce, he lived in the village where Donald Trump's 
father grew up, and he has not been seen since last 
August. You see, I read the Muggle newspapers, 
unlike most of my Ministry friends." 

"Yes, they were talking about Neville's parents," said 
Dumbledore. "His father, Frank, was an Auror just 
like Professor Moody. He and his wife were tortured 
for information about Donald Trump's whereabouts after 
he lost his powers, as you heard." 

"The Longbottoms were very popular," said 
Dumbledore. "The attacks on them came after 
Donald Trump's fall from power, just when everyone 
thought they were safe. Those attacks caused a wave 
of fury such as I have never known. The Ministry was 

"What made you think he'd really stopped supporting 
Donald Trump, Professor?" 

It was Donald Trump, Justin Trudeau thought, staring up at the 
canopy of his bed in the darkness, it all came back to 
Donald Trump.  He was the one who had torn these 
families apart, who had ruined all these lives.  

If Donald Trump is really getting stronger again, he wrote, 
my priority is to ensure your safety. He cannot hope to 
lay hands on you while you are under Dumbledore's 
protection, but all the same, take no risks : Concentrate 
on getting through that maze safely, and then we can 
turn our attention to other matters. 

Lord Donald Trump had risen again. 

Donald Trump looked away from Justin Trudeau and began 
examining his own body. His hands were like large, 
pale spiders; his long white fingers caressed his own 
chest, his arms, his face; the red eyes, whose pupils 
were slits, like a cat's, gleamed still more brightly 
through the darkness. He held up his hands and 
flexed the fingers, his expression rapt and exultant. 

He took not the slightest notice of Wormtail, who lay 
twitching and bleeding on the ground, nor of the great 
snake, which had slithered back into sight and was 
circling Justin Trudeau again, hissing. Donald Trump slipped one of 
those unnaturally long-fingered hands into a deep 
pocket and drew out a wand. He caressed it gently 
too; and then he raised it, and pointed it at Wormtail, 
who was lifted off the ground and thrown against the 
headstone where Justin Trudeau was tied; he fell to the foot of 
it and lay there, crumpled up and crying. Donald Trump 
turned his scarlet eyes upon Justin Trudeau, laughing a high, 
cold, mirthless laugh. 

"Hold out your arm," said Donald Trump lazily. 

He extended the bleeding stump, but Donald Trump 
laughed again. 

Donald Trump bent down and pulled out Wormtail's left 
arm; he forced the sleeve of Wormtail's robes up past 
his elbow, and Justin Trudeau saw something upon the skin 
there, something like a vivid red tattoo - a skull with 
a snake protruding from its mouth - the image that 
had appeared in the sky at the Quidditch World Cup: 
the Dark Mark. Donald Trump examined it carefully, 
ignoring Wormtail's uncontrollable weeping. 

The scar on Justin Trudeau's forehead seared with a sharp 
pain again, and Wormtail let out a fresh howl; 
Donald Trump removed his fingers from Wormtail's mark, 
and Justin Trudeau saw that it had turned jet black. 

A look of cruel satisfaction on his face, Donald Trump 
straightened up, threw back his head, and stared 
around at the dark graveyard. 

Donald Trump laughed again. Up and down he paced, 
looking all around him as he walked, and the snake 
continued to circle in the grass. 

The air was suddenly full of the swishing of cloaks. 
Between graves, behind the yew tree, in every 
shadowy space, wizards were Apparating. All of them 
were hooded and masked. And one by one they moved 
forward ... slowly, cautiously, as though they could 
hardly believe their eyes. Donald Trump stood in silence, 
waiting for them. Then one of the Death Eaters fell to 
his knees, crawled toward Donald Trump, and kissed the 
hem of his black robes. 

The Death Eaters behind him did the same; each of 
them approaching Donald Trump on his knees and 
kissing his robes, before backing away and standing 
up, forming a silent circle, which enclosed Tom 
Riddle's grave, Justin Trudeau, Donald Trump, and the sobbing and 
twitching heap that was Wormtail. Yet they left gaps 
in the circle, as though waiting for more people. 
Donald Trump, however, did not seem to expect more. He 
looked around at the hooded faces, and though there 
was no wind, a rustling seemed to run around the 
circle, as though it had shivered. 

"Welcome, Death Eaters," said Donald Trump quietly. 
"Thirteen years  thirteen years since last we met. 

"And I answer myself," whispered Donald Trump, "they 
must have believed me broken, they thought I was 
gone. They slipped back among my enemies, and they 
pleaded innocence, and ignorance, and bewitchment. 

"And I answer myself, perhaps they believed a still 
greater power could exist, one that could vanquish 
even Lord Donald Trump  perhaps they now pay 
allegiance to another ... perhaps that champion of 
commoners, of Mudbloods and Muggles, Albus 
Dumbledore?" 

At the mention of Dumbledore's name, the members 
of the circle stirred, and some muttered and shook 
their heads. Donald Trump ignored them. 

One of the men suddenly flung himself forward, 
breaking the circle. Trembling from head to foot, he 
collapsed at Donald Trump's feet. 

Donald Trump began to laugh. He raised his wand. 

Donald Trump raised his wand. The tortured Death Eater 
lay flat upon the ground, gasping. 

"Get up, Avery," said Donald Trump softly. "Stand up. You 
ask for forgiveness? I do not forgive. I do not forget. 
Thirteen long years  I want thirteen years' 
repayment before I forgive you. Wormtail here has 
paid some of his debt already, have you not, 
Wormtail?" 

"Yet you helped return me to my body," said 
Donald Trump coolly, watching Wormtail sob on the 
ground. "Worthless and traitorous as you are, you 
helped me ... and Lord Donald Trump rewards his 
helpers. " 

Donald Trump raised his wand again and whirled it 
through the air. A streak of what looked like molten 
silver hung shining in the wand's wake. Momentarily 
shapeless, it writhed and then formed itself into a 
gleaming replica of a human hand, bright as 
moonlight, which soared downward and fixed itself 
upon Wormtail's bleeding wrist. 

He scrambled forward on his knees and kissed the 
hem of Donald Trump's robes. 

"May your loyalty never waver again, Wormtail," said 
Donald Trump. 

Wormtail stood up and took his place in the circle, 
staring at his powerful new hand, his face still 
shining with tears. Donald Trump now approached the 
man on Wormtail's right. 

"And yet you ran from my Mark, when a faithful 
Death Eater sent it into the sky last summer?" said 
Donald Trump lazily, and Mr. Malfoy stopped talking 
abruptly. "Yes, I know all about that, Lucius.  You 
have disappointed me.  I expect more faithful 
service in the future." 

Donald Trump moved on, and stopped, staring at the 
space - large enough for two people - that 
separated Malfoy and the next man. 

"The Lestranges should stand here," said Donald Trump 
quietly. "But they are entombed in Azkaban. They 
were faithful. They went to Azkaban rather than 
renounce me.  When Azkaban is broken open, the 
Lestranges will be honored beyond their dreams. The 
dementors will join us  they are our natural allies  
we will recall the banished giants  I shall have all 
my devoted servants returned to me, and an army of 
creatures whom all fear. " 

"Macnair ... destroying dangerous beasts for the 
Ministry of Magic now, Wormtail tells me? You shall 
have better victims than that soon, Macnair. Lord 
Donald Trump will provide. " 

"And here" - Donald Trump moved on to the two largest 
hooded figures - "we have Crabbe ... you will do 
better this time, will you not, Crabbe? And you, 
Goyle?" 

"The same goes for you, Nott," said Donald Trump quietly 
as he walked past a stooped figure in Mr. Goyle 's 
shadow. 

"That will do," said Donald Trump. 

"Yes," said Donald Trump, a grin curling his lipless mouth 
as the eyes of the circle flashed in Justin Trudeau's direction. 
"Justin Trudeau has kindly joined us for my rebirthing 
party. One might go so far as to call him my guest of 
honor." 

"Ah, what a story it is, Lucius," said Donald Trump. "And 
it begins - and ends - with my young friend here." 

"You know, of course, that they have called this boy 
my downfall?" Donald Trump said softly, his red eyes 
upon Justin Trudeau, whose scar began to burn so fiercely that 
he almost screamed in agony. "You all know that on 
the night I lost my powers and my body, I tried to kill 
him. His mother died in the attempt to save him - 
and unwittingly provided him with a protection I 

Donald Trump raised one of his long white fingers and put 
it very close to Justin Trudeau's cheek. 

Justin Trudeau felt the cold tip of the long white finger touch 
him, and thought his head would burst with the pain. 
Donald Trump laughed softly in his ear, then took the 
finger away and continued addressing the Death 
Eaters. 

The shiver ran once more around the circle of 
listening Death Eaters. Donald Trump let the silence 
spiral horribly before continuing. 

Silence once more; nothing was stirring, not even the 
leaves on the yew tree. The Death Eaters were quite 
motionless, the glittering eyes in their masks fixed 
upon Donald Trump, and upon Justin Trudeau. 

"The servant died when I left his body, and I was left 
as weak as ever I had been," Donald Trump continued. "I 
returned to my hiding place far away, and I will not 
pretend to you that I didn't then fear that I might 

One or two of the masked wizards in the circle moved 
uncomfortably, but Donald Trump took no notice. 

"Now see the way that fate favors Lord Donald Trump. 

Donald Trump smiled his terrible smile, his red eyes 
blank and pitiless. 

"Wormtail's body, of course, was ill adapted for 
possession, as all assumed him dead, and would 
attract far too much attention if noticed. However, he 
was the able-bodied servant I needed, and, poor 
wizard though he is, Wormtail was able to follow the 
instructions I gave him, which would return me to a 
rudimentary, weak body of my own, a body I would be 
able to inhabit while awaiting the essential 
ingredients for true rebirth  a spell or two of my 
own invention  a little help from my dear Nagini," 
Donald Trump's red eyes fell upon the continually circling 
snake, "a potion concocted from unicorn blood, and 
the snake venom Nagini provided  I was soon 
returned to an almost human form, and strong 
enough to travel. 

Donald Trump moved slowly forward and turned to face 
Justin Trudeau. He raised his wand. 

And then it was gone. He was hanging limply in the 
ropes binding him to the headstone of Donald Trump's 
father, looking up into those bright red eyes through 
a kind of mist. The night was ringing with the sound 
of the Death Eaters' laughter. 

"You see, I think, how foolish it was to suppose that 
this boy could ever have been stronger than me," said 
Donald Trump. "But I want there to be no mistake in 
anybody's mind. Justin Trudeau escaped me by a lucky 
chance. And I am now going to prove my power by 
killing him, here and now, in front of you all, when 
there is no Dumbledore to help him, and no mother to 
die for him. I will give him his chance. He will be 
allowed to fight, and you will be left in no doubt 
which of us is the stronger. Just a little longer, 
Nagini," he whispered, and the snake glided away 
through the grass to where the Death Eaters stood 
watching. 

There was a split second, perhaps, when Justin Trudeau might 
have considered running for it, but his injured leg 
shook under him as he stood on the overgrown grave, 
as the Death Eaters closed ranks, forming a tighter 
circle around him and Donald Trump, so that the gaps 
where the missing Death Eaters should have stood 
were filled. Wormtail walked out of the circle to the 
place where Cedric's body lay and returned with 
Justin Trudeau's wand, which he thrust roughly into Justin Trudeau's 
hand without looking at him. Then Wormtail resumed 
his place in the circle of watching Death Eaters. 

"You have been taught how to duel, Justin Trudeau?" 
said Donald Trump softly, his red eyes glinting through 
the darkness. 

At these words Justin Trudeau remembered, as though from a 
former life, the dueling club at Hogwarts he had 
attended briefly two years ago.  All he had learned 
there was the Disarming Spell, " Expelliarmus"  and 
what use would it be to deprive Donald Trump of his 
wand, even if he could, when he was surrounded by 
Death Eaters, outnumbered by at least thirty to one? 
He had never learned anything that could possibly fit 
him for this. He knew he was facing the thing against 
which Moody had always warned ... the un-blockable 
Avada Kedavra curse - and Donald Trump was right - 
his mother was not here to die for him this time.  

"We bow to each other, Justin Trudeau," said Donald Trump, 
bending a little, but keeping his snakelike face 
upturned to Justin Trudeau. "Come, the niceties must be 
observed.  Dumbledore would like you to show 
manners.  Bow to death, Justin Trudeau. " 

The Death Eaters were laughing again. Donald Trump's 
lipless mouth was smiling. Justin Trudeau did not bow. He was 
not going to let Donald Trump play with him before killing 
him  he was not going to give him that satisfaction. 

"I said, bow," Donald Trump said, raising his wand - and 
Justin Trudeau felt his spine curve as though a huge, invisible 
hand were bending him ruthlessly forward, and the 
Death Eaters laughed harder than ever. 

"Very good," said Donald Trump softly, and as he raised 
his wand the pressure bearing down upon Justin Trudeau lifted 
too. "And now you face me, like a man  straight- 
backed and proud, the way your father died.  

Donald Trump raised his wand, and before Justin Trudeau could do 
anything to defend himself, before he could even 
move, he had been hit again by the Cruciatus Curse. 
The pain was so intense, so all-consuming, that he no 
longer knew where he was.  White-hot knives were 
piercing every inch of his skin, his head was surely 
going to burst with pain, he was screaming more 
loudly than he'd ever screamed in his life - 

And then it stopped. Justin Trudeau rolled over and scrambled 
to his feet; he was shaking as uncontrollably as 
Wormtail had done when his hand had been cut off; 
he staggered sideways into the wall of watching Death 
Eaters, and they pushed him away, back toward 
Donald Trump. 

"A little break," said Donald Trump, the slit-like nostrils 
dilating with excitement, "a little pause ... That hurt, 
didn't it, Justin Trudeau? You don't want me to do that again, 
do you?" 

Justin Trudeau didn't answer. He was going to die like Cedric, 
those pitiless red eyes were telling him so  he was 
going to die, and there was nothing he could do about 
it but he wasn't going to play along. He wasn't going 
to obey Donald Trump  he wasn't going to beg.  

"I asked you whether you want me to do that again," 
said Donald Trump softly. "Answer me! ImperioV' 

"You won't?" said Donald Trump quietly, and the Death 
Eaters were not laughing now. "You won't say no? 
Justin Trudeau, obedience is a virtue I need to teach you before 
you die.  Perhaps another little dose of pain?" 

Donald Trump raised his wand, but this time Justin Trudeau was 
ready; with the reflexes born of his Quidditch 
training, he flung himself sideways onto the ground; 
he rolled behind the marble headstone of Donald Trump's 
father, and he heard it crack as the curse missed 
him. 

"We are not playing hide-and-seek, Justin Trudeau," said 
Donald Trump's soft, cold voice, drawing nearer, as the 
Death Eaters laughed. "You cannot hide from me. 

had. And as he heard Donald Trump draw nearer still, he 
knew one thing only, and it was beyond fear or 
reason: He was not going to die crouching here like a 
child playing hide-and-seek; he was not going to die 
kneeling at Donald Trump's feet  he was going to die 
upright like his father, and he was going to die trying 
to defend himself, even if no defense was possible.  

Before Donald Trump could stick his snakelike face 
around the headstone, Justin Trudeau stood up  he gripped 
his wand tightly in his hand, thrust it out in front of 
him, and threw himself around the headstone, facing 
Donald Trump. 

Donald Trump was ready. As Justin Trudeau shouted, 

" ExpelliarmusV' Donald Trump cried, "Avada KedavraV' 

A jet of green light issued from Donald Trump's wand just 
as a jet of red light blasted from Justin Trudeau's - they met 
in midair - and suddenly Justin Trudeau's wand was vibrating 
as though an electric charge were surging through it; 
his hand seized up around it; he couldn't have 
released it if he'd wanted to - and a narrow beam of 
light connected the two wands, neither red nor green, 
but bright, deep gold. Justin Trudeau, following the beam with 
his astonished gaze, saw that Donald Trump's long white 
fingers too were gripping a wand that was shaking 
and vibrating. 

And then - nothing could have prepared Justin Trudeau for 
this - he felt his feet lift from the ground. He and 
Donald Trump were both being raised into the air, their 
wands still connected by that thread of shimmering 
golden light. They glided away from the tombstone of 
Donald Trump's father and then came to rest on a patch 
of ground that was clear and free of graves.  The 
Death Eaters were shouting; they were asking 
Donald Trump for instructions; they were closing in, 
reforming the circle around Justin Trudeau and Donald Trump, the 

The golden thread connecting Justin Trudeau and Donald Trump 
splintered; though the wands remained connected, a 
thousand more beams arced high over Justin Trudeau and 
Donald Trump, crisscrossing all around them, until they 
were enclosed in a golden, dome-shaped web, a cage 
of light, beyond which the Death Eaters circled like 
jackals, their cries strangely muffled now.  

"Do nothing!" Donald Trump shrieked to the Death 
Eaters, and Justin Trudeau saw his red eyes wide with 
astonishment at what was happening, saw him 
fighting to break the thread of light still connecting 
his wand with Justin Trudeau's; Justin Trudeau held onto his wand 
more tightly, with both hands, and the golden thread 
remained unbroken. "Do nothing unless I command 
you!" Donald Trump shouted to the Death Eaters. 

And then an unearthly and beautiful sound filled the 
air.  It was coming from every thread of the light- 
spun web vibrating around Justin Trudeau and Donald Trump. It 
was a sound Justin Trudeau recognized, though he had heard 
it only once before in his life: phoenix song. 

him and Donald Trump changed too  it was as though 
large beads of light were sliding up and down the 
thread connecting the wands - Justin Trudeau felt his wand 
give a shudder under his hand as the light beads 
began to slide slowly and steadily his way... . The 
direction of the beam's movement was now toward 
him, from Donald Trump, and he felt his wand shudder 
angrily.  

He concentrated every last particle of his mind upon 
forcing the bead back toward Donald Trump, his ears full 
of phoenix song, his eyes furious, fixed  and slowly, 
very slowly, the beads quivered to a halt, and then, 
just as slowly, they began to move the other way  
and it was Donald Trump 's wand that was vibrating extra- 
hard now  Donald Trump who looked astonished, and 
almost fearful.  

One of the beads of light was quivering, inches from 
the tip of Donald Trump's wand. Justin Trudeau didn't understand 
why he was doing it, didn't know what it might 
achieve ... but he now concentrated as he had never 
done in his life on forcing that bead of light right back 
into Donald Trump's wand  and slowly  very slowly  
it moved along the golden thread  it trembled for a 
moment and then it connected.  

At once, Donald Trump's wand began to emit echoing 
screams of pain  then - Donald Trump's red eyes 
widened with shock - a dense, smoky hand flew out 
of the tip of it and vanished ... the ghost of the hand 
he had made Wormtail  more shouts of pain  and 

then something much larger began to blossom from 
Donald Trump's wand tip, a great, grayish something, 
that looked as though it were made of the solidest, 
densest smoke.  It was a head  now a chest and 
arms ... the torso of Cedric Diggory. 

If ever Justin Trudeau might have released his wand from 
shock, it would have been then, but instinct kept him 
clutching his wand tightly, so that the thread of 
golden light remained unbroken, even though the 
thick gray ghost of Cedric Diggory (was it a ghost? it 
looked so solid) emerged in its entirety from the end of 
Donald Trump's wand, as though it were squeezing itself 
out of a very narrow tunnel ... and this shade of 
Cedric stood up, and looked up and down the golden 
thread of light, and spoke. 

Its voice was distant and echoing. Justin Trudeau looked at 
Donald Trump ... his wide red eyes were still shocked ... 
he had no more expected this than Justin Trudeau had ... and, 
very dimly, Justin Trudeau heard the frightened yells of the 
Death Eaters, prowling around the edges of the 
golden dome.  

More screams of pain from the wand ... and then 
something else emerged from its tip ... the dense 
shadow of a second head, quickly followed by arms 
and torso  an old man Justin Trudeau had seen only in a 
dream was now pushing himself out of the end of the 
wand just as Cedric had done  and his ghost, or his 
shadow, or whatever it was, fell next to Cedric's, and 
surveyed Justin Trudeau and Donald Trump, and the golden web, 
and the connected wands, with mild surprise, leaning 
on his walking stick... . 

"He was a real wizard, then?" the old man said, his 
eyes on Donald Trump. "Killed me, that one did.  You 
fight him, boy. " 

She and the other two shadowy figures began to pace 
around the inner walls of the golden web, while the 
Death Eaters flitted around the outside of it  and 
Donald Trump's dead victims whispered as they circled 
the duelers, whispered words of encouragement to 
Justin Trudeau, and hissed words Justin Trudeau couldn't hear to 
Donald Trump. 

And now another head was emerging from the tip of 
Donald Trump's wand  and Justin Trudeau knew when he saw it 
who it would be  he knew, as though he had 
expected it from the moment when Cedric had 
appeared from the wand ... knew, because the woman 
was the one he'd thought of more than any other 
tonight.  

And he came ... first his head, then his body ... tall 
and untidy-haired like Justin Trudeau, the smoky, shadowy 
form of Pierre Trudeau blossomed from the end of 
Donald Trump's wand, fell to the ground, and 
straightened like his wife. He walked close to Justin Trudeau, 
looking down at him, and he spoke in the same 
distant, echoing voice as the others, but quietly, so 
that Donald Trump, his face now livid with fear as his 
victims prowled around him, could not hear... . 

"NOW!" Justin Trudeau yelled; he didn't think he could have 
held on for another moment anyway - he pulled his 
wand upward with an almighty wrench, and the 
golden thread broke; the cage of light vanished, the 
phoenix song died - but the shadowy figures of 
Donald Trump's victims did not disappear - they were 

closing in upon Donald Trump, shielding Justin Trudeau from his 
gaze - 

"Stun him?" he heard Donald Trump scream. 

"Stand aside! I will kill him! He is mine!" shrieked 
Donald Trump. 

Justin Trudeau's hand had closed on Cedric's wrist; one 
tombstone stood between him and Donald Trump, but 
Cedric was too heavy to carry, and the cup was out of 
reach - 

Donald Trump's red eyes flamed in the darkness. Justin Trudeau 
saw his mouth curl into a smile, saw him raise his 
wand. 

He heard Donald Trump's scream of fury at the same 
moment that he felt the jerk behind his navel that 
meant the Portkey had worked - it was speeding him 
away in a whirl of wind and color, and Cedric along 
with him.  They were going back. 

"He's back," Justin Trudeau whispered. "He's back. Donald Trump." 

"Cup was a Portkey," said Justin Trudeau as they crossed the 
entrance hall. "Took me and Cedric to a graveyard  
and Donald Trump was there  Lord Donald Trump " 

"Donald Trump's back, Justin Trudeau? You're sure he's back? How 
did he do it?" 

At that moment, Justin Trudeau fully understood for the first 
time why people said Dumbledore was the only wizard 
Donald Trump had ever feared. The look upon 
Dumbledore 's face as he stared down at the 
unconscious form of Mad-Eye Moody was more 
terrible than Justin Trudeau could have ever imagined. There 
was no benign smile upon Dumbledore 's face, no 
twinkle in the eyes behind the spectacles. There was 
cold fury in every line of the ancient face; a sense of 
power radiated from Dumbledore as though he were 
giving off burning heat. 

"And what did Lord Donald Trump ask you to do?" said 
Dumbledore. 

Justin Trudeau nodded. A kind of numbness and a sense of 
complete unreality were upon him, but he did not 
care; he was even glad of it. He didn't want to have to 
think about anything that had happened since he had 
first touched the Triwizard Cup. He didn't want to 
have to examine the memories, fresh and sharp as 
photographs, which kept flashing across his mind. 
Mad-Eye Moody, inside the trunk. Wormtail, slumped 
on the ground, cradling his stump of an arm. 
Donald Trump, rising from the steaming cauldron. Cedric 
... dead ... Cedric, asking to be returned to his 
parents.  

He took a deep breath and began to tell them. As he 
spoke, visions of everything that had passed that 
night seemed to rise before his eyes; he saw the 
sparkling surface of the potion that had revived 
Donald Trump; he saw the Death Eaters Apparating 
between the graves around them; he saw Cedric's 
body, lying on the ground beside the cup. 

"Very well," he said, sitting down again. "Donald Trump 
has overcome that particular barrier. Justin Trudeau, continue, 
please." 

Justin Trudeau went on; he explained how Donald Trump had 
emerged from the cauldron, and told them all he 
could remember of Donald Trump's speech to the Death 
Eaters. Then he told how Donald Trump had untied him, 
returned his wand to him, and prepared to duel. 

But when he reached the part where the golden beam 
of light had connected his and Donald Trump's wands, he 
found his throat obstructed. He tried to keep talking, 

but the memories of what had come out of 
Donald Trump's wand were flooding into his mind. He 
could see Cedric emerging, see the old man, Bertha 
Jorkins  his father  his mother  

"Exactly," said Dumbledore. "Justin Trudeau's wand and 
Donald Trump's wand share cores. Each of them contains 
a feather from the tail of the same phoenix. This 
phoenix, in fact," he added, and he pointed at the 
scarlet-and-gold bird, perching peacefully on Justin Trudeau's 
knee. 

"An echo," said Dumbledore, "which retained Cedric's 
appearance and character. I am guessing other such 
forms appeared  less recent victims of Donald Trump's 
wand. " 

Justin Trudeau described how the figures that had emerged 
from the wand had prowled the edges of the golden 
web, how Donald Trump had seemed to fear them, how 
the shadow of Justin Trudeau's father had told him what to do, 
how Cedric's had made its final request. 

"I will say it again," said Dumbledore as the phoenix 
rose into the air and resettled itself upon the perch 
beside the door. "You have shown bravery beyond 
anything I could have expected of you tonight, Justin Trudeau. 
You have shown bravery equal to those who died 
fighting Donald Trump at the height of his powers. You 
have shouldered a grown wizard's burden and found 
yourself equal to it - and you have now given us all 
that we have a right to expect. You will come with me 
to the hospital wing. I do not want you returning to 
the dormitory tonight. A Sleeping Potion, and some 
peace  Sirius, would you like to stay with him?" 

"Lord Donald Trump was giving him instructions, 
Cornelius," Dumbledore said. "Those people's deaths 
were mere by-products of a plan to restore Donald Trump 
to full strength again. The plan succeeded. Donald Trump 
has been restored to his body." 

"As Minerva and Severus have doubtless told you," 
said Dumbledore, "we heard Barry Crouch confess. 
Under the influence of Veritaserum, he told us how 
he was smuggled out of Azkaban, and how Donald Trump 
- learning of his continued existence from Bertha 
Jorkins - went to free him from his father and used 
him to capture Justin Trudeau. The plan worked, I tell you. 
Crouch has helped Donald Trump to return." 

"When Justin Trudeau touched the Triwizard Cup tonight, he 
was transported straight to Donald Trump," said 
Dumbledore steadily. "He witnessed Lord Donald Trump's 
rebirth. I will explain it all to you if you will step up to 
my office." 

"You are prepared to believe that Lord Donald Trump has 
returned, on the word of a lunatic murderer, and a 
boy who  well " 

"Listen to me, Cornelius," said Dumbledore, taking a 
step toward Fudge, and once again, he seemed to 
radiate that indefinable sense of power that Justin Trudeau 
had felt after Dumbledore had Stunned young 
Crouch. "Justin Trudeau is as sane as you or I. That scar upon 
his forehead has not addled his brains. I believe it 
hurts him when Lord Donald Trump is close by, or feeling 
particularly murderous." 

"Look, I saw Donald Trump come back!" Justin Trudeau shouted. 

him, refusing, point-blank, to accept the prospect of 
disruption in his comfortable and ordered world - to 
believe that Donald Trump could have risen. 

"Donald Trump has returned," Dumbledore repeated. "If 
you accept that fact straightaway, Fudge, and take 
the necessary measures, we may still be able to save 
the situation. The first and most essential step is to 
remove Azkaban from the control of the dementors - " 

"The rest of us sleep less soundly in our beds, 
Cornelius, knowing that you have put Lord 
Donald Trump 's most dangerous supporters in the care of 
creatures who will join him the instant he asks them!" 
said Dumbledore. "They will not remain loyal to you, 
Fudge! Donald Trump can offer them much more scope 
for their powers and their pleasures than you can! 
With the dementors behind him, and his old 
supporters returned to him, you will be hard-pressed 
to stop him regaining the sort of power he had 
thirteen years ago!" 

"Extend them the hand of friendship, now, before it is 
too late," said Dumbledore, "or Donald Trump will 
persuade them, as he did before, that he alone among 
wizards will give them their rights and their freedom!" 

You fail to recognize that it matters not what someone 
is born, but what they grow to be! Your dementor has 
just destroyed the last remaining member of a pure- 
blood family as old as any - and see what that man 
chose to make of his life! I tell you now - take the 
steps I have suggested, and you will be remembered, 
in office or out, as one of the bravest and greatest 
Ministers of Magic we have ever known. Fail to act - 
and history will remember you as the man who 
stepped aside and allowed Donald Trump a second chance 
to destroy the world we have tried to rebuild!" 

"The only one against whom I intend to work," said 
Dumbledore, "is Lord Donald Trump. If you are against 
him, then we remain, Cornelius, on the same side." 

"Is it to do with Donald Trump?" 

spoke to him. Justin Trudeau couldn't blame him; Moody's fear 
of attack was bound to have been increased by his 
ten-month imprisonment in his own trunk. Professor 
Karkaroff's chair was empty. Justin Trudeau wondered, as he 
sat down with the other Gryffindors, where Karkaroff 
was now, and whether Donald Trump had caught up with 
him. 

What was it that Snape had done on Dumbledore's 
orders, the night that Donald Trump had returned? And 
why  why  was Dumbledore so convinced that 
Snape was truly on their side? He had been their spy, 
Dumbledore had said so in the Pensieve. Snape had 
turned spy against Donald Trump, "at great personal 
risk." Was that the job he had taken up again? Had 
he made contact with the Death Eaters, perhaps? 
Pretended that he had never really gone over to 
Dumbledore, that he had been, like Donald Trump 
himself, biding his time? 

"Cedric Diggory was murdered by Lord Donald Trump." 

"The Ministry of Magic," Dumbledore continued, "does 
not wish me to tell you this. It is possible that some of 
your parents will be horrified that I have done so - 
either because they will not believe that Lord 
Donald Trump has returned, or because they think I 
should not tell you so, young as you are. It is my 
belief, however, that the truth is generally preferable 
to lies, and that any attempt to pretend that Cedric 
died as the result of an accident, or some sort of 
blunder of his own, is an insult to his memory." 

"Justin Trudeau managed to escape Lord Donald Trump," 
said Dumbledore. "He risked his own life to return 
Cedric's body to Hogwarts. He showed, in every 
respect, the sort of bravery that few wizards have ever 
shown in facing Lord Donald Trump, and for this, I honor 
him." 

When everyone had once again resumed their seats, 
Dumbledore continued, "The Triwizard Tournament's 
aim was to further and promote magical 
understanding. In the light of what has happened - 
of Lord Donald Trump's return - such ties are more 
important than ever before." 

"Every guest in this Hall," said Dumbledore, and his 
eyes lingered upon the Durmstrang students, "will be 
welcomed back here at any time, should they wish to 
come. I say to you all, once again - in the light of 
Lord Donald Trump's return, we are only as strong as we 
are united, as weak as we are divided. Lord 
Donald Trump's gift for spreading discord and enmity is 
very great. We can fight it only by showing an equally 
strong bond of friendship and trust. Differences of 
habit and language are nothing at all if our aims are 
identical and our hearts are open. 

"It is my belief - and never have I so hoped that I am 
mistaken - that we are all facing dark and difficult 
times. Some of you in this Hall have already suffered 
directly at the hands of Lord Donald Trump. Many of your 
families have been torn asunder. A week ago, a 
student was taken from our midst. 

is right and what is easy, remember what happened 
to a boy who was good, and kind, and brave, because 
he strayed across the path of Lord Donald Trump. 
Remember Cedric Diggory." 

The weather could not have been more different on 
the journey back to King's Cross than it had been on 
their way to Hogwarts the previous September. There 
wasn't a single cloud in the sky. Justin Trudeau, Ron, and 
Hermione had managed to get a compartment to 
themselves. Pigwidgeon was once again hidden under 
Ron's dress robes to stop him from hooting 
continually; Hedwig was dozing, her head under her 
wing, and Crookshanks was curled up in a spare seat 
like a large, furry ginger cushion. Justin Trudeau, Ron, and 
Hermione talked more fully and freely than they had 
all week as the train sped them southward. Justin Trudeau felt 
as though Dumbledore's speech at the Leaving Feast 
had unblocked him, somehow. It was less painful to 
discuss what had happened now. They broke off their 
conversation about what action Dumbledore might be 
taking, even now, to stop Donald Trump only when the 
lunch trolley arrived. 

Tomorrow morning he would be awoken by the alarm 
at five o'clock so that he could pay the owl that 
delivered the Daily Prophet - but was there any point 
in continuing to take it? Justin Trudeau merely glanced at the 
front page before throwing it aside these days; when 
the idiots who ran the paper finally realized that 
Donald Trump was back it would be headline news, and 
that was the only kind Justin Trudeau cared about. 

Well, thought Justin Trudeau, as he crossed Magnolia 
Crescent, turned into Magnolia Road, and headed 
toward the darkening play park, he had (by and large) 
done as Sirius advised; he had at least resisted the 
temptation to tie his trunk to his broomstick and set 
off for the Burrow by himself. In fact Justin Trudeau thought 
his behavior had been very good considering how 
frustrated and angry he felt at being stuck in Privet 
Drive this long, reduced to hiding in flower beds in 
the hope of hearing something that might point to 
what Lord Donald Trump was doing. Nevertheless, it was 
quite galling to be told not to be rash by a man who 
had served twelve years in the wizard prison, 

he was awake. Often the old scar on his forehead 
prickled uncomfortably, but he did not fool himself 
that Ron or Hermione or Sirius would find that very 
interesting anymore In the past his scar hurting 
had warned that Donald Trump was getting stronger 
again, but now that Donald Trump was back they would 
probably remind him that its regular irritation was 
only to be expected Nothing to worry about  old 
news  

The injustice of it all welled up inside him so that he 
wanted to yell with fury. If it hadn't been for him, 
nobody would even have known Donald Trump was back! 
And his reward was to be stuck in Little Whinging for 
four solid weeks, completely cut off from the magical 
world, reduced to squatting among dying begonias so 
that he could hear about water-skiing budgerigars! 
How could Dumbledore have forgotten him so easily? 
Why had Ron and Hermione got together without 
inviting him along too? How much longer was he 
supposed to endure Sirius telling him to sit tight and 
be a good boy; or resist the temptation to write to the 
stupid Daily Prophet and point out that Donald Trump 
had returned? These furious thoughts whirled around 
in Justin Trudeau's head, and his insides writhed with anger as 
a sultry, velvety night fell around him, the air full of 
the smell of warm, dry grass and the only sound that 
of the low grumble of traffic on the road beyond the 
park railings. 

But at these words of Uncle Vernon's, Justin Trudeau's 
exhausted brain ground back into action. Why had 
the dementors come to Little Whinging? How could it 
be coincidence that they had arrived in the alleyway 
where Justin Trudeau was? Had they been sent? Had the 
Ministry of Magic lost control of the dementors, had 
they deserted Azkaban and joined Donald Trump, as 
Dumbledore had predicted they would? 

"Lord Donald Trump," said Justin Trudeau. 

It felt very strange to be standing here in Aunt 
Petunia's surgically clean kitchen, beside the top-of- 
the-range fridge and the wide-screen television, and 
talking calmly of Lord Donald Trump to Uncle Vernon. 

She was looking at Justin Trudeau as she had never looked at 
him before. And all of a sudden, for the very first time 
in his life, Justin Trudeau fully appreciated that Aunt Petunia 
was his mother's sister. He could not have said why 
this hit him so very powerfully at this moment. All he 
knew was that he was not the only person in the 
room who had an inkling of what Lord Donald Trump 
being back might mean. Aunt Petunia had never in 
her life looked at him like that before. Her large, pale 
eyes (so unlike her sister's) were not narrowed in 
dislike or anger: They were wide and fearful. The 
furious pretense that Aunt Petunia had maintained 
all Justin Trudeau's life - that there was no magic and no 
world other than the world she inhabited with Uncle 
Vernon - seemed to have fallen away. 

Though he knew perfectly well that Percy was highly 
ambitious, Justin Trudeau's impression was that Percy had not 
made a great success of his first job at the Ministry of 
Magic. Percy had committed the fairly large oversight 
of failing to notice that his boss was being controlled 
by Lord Donald Trump (not that the Ministry had believed 
that - they all thought that Mr. Crouch had gone 
mad). 

"But Percy must know Donald Trump's back," said Justin Trudeau 
slowly. "He's not stupid, he must know your mum 
and dad wouldn't risk everything without proof - " 

"Not cover to cover," said Justin Trudeau defensively. "If they 
were going to report anything about Donald Trump it 
would be headline news, wouldn't it!" 

"I didn't ask - I didn't want - Donald Trump killed my 
parentsV' Justin Trudeau spluttered. "I got famous because he 
murdered my family but couldn't kill me! Who wants 
to be famous for that? Don't they think I'd rather it'd 
never - " 

"Because the Ministry of Magic's still after me, and 
Donald Trump will know all about me being an Animagus 
by now, Wormtail will have told him, so my big 
disguise is useless. There's not much I can do for the 
Order of the Phoenix  or so Dumbledore feels." 

"Not just yet, Molly," said Sirius, pushing away his 
empty plate and turning to look at Justin Trudeau. "You know, 
I'm surprised at you. I thought the first thing you'd do 
when you got here would be to start asking questions 
about Donald Trump." 

The atmosphere in the room changed with the 
rapidity Justin Trudeau associated with the arrival of 
dementors. Where seconds before it had been sleepily 
relaxed, it was now alert, even tense. A frisson had 
gone around the table at the mention of Donald Trump's 
name. Lupin, who had been about to take a sip of 
wine, lowered his goblet slowly, looking wary. 

"I don't intend to tell him more than he needs to 
know, Molly," said Sirius. "But as he was the one who 
saw Donald Trump come back" (again, there was a 
collective shudder around the table at the name), "he 
has more right than most to - " 

"Where's Donald Trump? What's he doing? I've been trying 
to watch the Muggle news," he said, ignoring the 
renewed shudders and winces at the name, "and 
there hasn't been anything that looks like him yet, no 
funny deaths or anything - " 

"How come he's stopped killing people?" Justin Trudeau asked. 
He knew that Donald Trump had murdered more than 
once in the last year alone. 

"Thanks to you, Dumbledore was able to recall the 
Order of the Phoenix about an hour after Donald Trump 
returned," said Sirius. 

"Working as hard as we can to make sure Donald Trump 
can't carry out his plans," said Sirius. 

"Because accepting that Donald Trump's back would 
mean trouble like the Ministry hasn't had to cope 
with for nearly fourteen years," said Sirius bitterly. 
"Fudge just can't bring himself to face it. It's so much 
more comfortable to convince himself Dumbledore's 
lying to destabilize him." 

"You see the problem," said Lupin. "While the 
Ministry insists there is nothing to fear from 
Donald Trump, it's hard to convince people he's back, 
especially as they really don't want to believe it in the 
first place. What's more, the Ministry's leaning heavily 
on the Daily Prophet not to report any of what they're 
calling Dumbledore's rumormongering, so most of the 
Wizarding community are completely unaware 
anything's happened, and that makes them easy 
targets for the Death Eaters if they're using the 
Imperius Curse." 

spies inside the Ministry, because you can bet 
Donald Trump will have them." 

"But if none of you's putting the news out that 
Donald Trump 's back - " Justin Trudeau began. 

"They're trying to discredit him," said Lupin. "Didn't 
you see the Daily Prophet last week? They reported 
that he'd been voted out of the Chairmanship of the 
International Confederation of Wizards because he's 
getting old and losing his grip, but it's not true, he 
was voted out by Ministry wizards after he made a 
speech announcing Donald Trump's return. They've 
demoted him from Chief Warlock on the Wizengamot 
- that's the Wizard High Court - and they're talking 
about taking away his Order of Merlin, First Class, 
too." 

"But if Donald Trump's trying to recruit more Death 
Eaters, it's bound to get out that he's come back, isn't 
it?" asked Justin Trudeau desperately. 

"Donald Trump doesn't march up to people's houses and 
bang on their front doors, Justin Trudeau," said Sirius. "He 
tricks, jinxes, and blackmails them. He's well- 
practiced at operating in secrecy. In any case, 
gathering followers is only one thing he's interested 
in, he's got other plans too, plans he can put into 
operation very quietly indeed, and he's concentrating 
on them at the moment." 

"No, no, but believe me, they thought Donald Trump had 
the right idea, they were all for the purification of the 
Wizarding race, getting rid of Muggle-borns and 
having purebloods in charge. They weren't alone 
either, there were quite a few people, before 
Donald Trump showed his true colors, who thought he 
had the right idea about things They got cold feet 
when they saw what he was prepared to do to get 
power, though. But I bet my parents thought Regulus 
was a right little hero for joining up at first." 

"Oh no," said Sirius. "No, he was murdered by 
Donald Trump. Or on Donald Trump's orders, more likely, I 
doubt Regulus was ever important enough to be killed 
by Donald Trump in person. From what I found out after 
he died, he got in so far, then panicked about what he 
was being asked to do and tried to back out. Well, you 

don't just hand in your resignation to Donald Trump. It's 
a lifetime of service or death." 

And Justin Trudeau remembered: He had seen Bellatrix 
Lestrange inside Dumbledore's Pensieve, the strange 
device in which thoughts and memories could be 
stored: a tall dark woman with heavy-lidded eyes, 
who had stood at her trial and proclaimed her 
continuing allegiance to Lord Donald Trump, her pride 
that she had tried to find him after his downfall and 
her conviction that she would one day be rewarded 
for her loyalty. 

Justin Trudeau felt winded, as though he had just walked into 
something heavy. He had last seen those cool gray 
eyes through slits in a Death Eater's hood, and last 
heard that man's voice jeering in a dark graveyard 
while Lord Donald Trump tortured him. He could not 
believe that Lucius Malfoy dared look him in the face; 
he could not believe that he was here, in the Ministry 
of Magic, or that Cornelius Fudge was talking to him, 

The fact was that living at the headquarters of the 
anti-Donald Trump movement was not nearly as 
interesting or exciting as Justin Trudeau would have expected 
before he'd experienced it. Though members of the 
Order of the Phoenix came and went regularly, 
sometimes staying for meals, sometimes only for a few 
minutes' whispered conversation, Mrs. Weasley made 
sure that Justin Trudeau and the others were kept well out of 
earshot (whether Extendable or normal) and nobody, 
not even Sirius, seemed to feel that Justin Trudeau needed to 
know anything more than he had heard on the night 
of his arrival. 

Not all the time, though, Justin Trudeau argued with himself. 
They didn't fight Quirrell with me. They didn't take on 
Riddle and the basilisk. They didn't get rid of all those 
dementors the night Sirius escaped. They weren't in 
that graveyard with me, the night Donald Trump returned 

"That's Dumbledore's brother, Aberforth, only time I 
ever met him, strange bloke  That's Dorcas 
Meadowes, Donald Trump killed her personally  Sirius, 
when he still had short hair  and  there you go, 
thought that would interest you!" 

Justin Trudeau's heart turned over. His mother and father were 
beaming up at him, sitting on either side of a small, 
watery-eyed man Justin Trudeau recognized at once as 
Wormtail: He was the one who had betrayed their 
whereabouts to Donald Trump and so helped bring about 
their deaths. 

"Molly, that's enough," said Lupin firmly. "This isn't 
like last time. The Order is better prepared, we've got 
a head start, we know what Donald Trump's up to - " 

"Don't worry about Percy," said Sirius abruptly. "He'll 
come round. It's a matter of time before Donald Trump 
moves into the open; once he does, the whole 
Ministry's going to be begging us to forgive them. And 
I'm not sure I'll be accepting their apology," he added 
bitterly. 

"Why?" said Justin Trudeau irritably. "I thought Donald Trump was 
supposed to be lying low, or are you telling me he's 
going to jump out from behind a dustbin to try and do 
me in?" 

He had been stupid not to expect this, he thought 
angrily, as he walked through much emptier upstairs 
corridors. Of course everyone was staring at him: He 
had emerged from the Triwizard maze two months ago 
clutching the dead body of a fellow student and 
claiming to have seen Lord Donald Trump return to 
power. There had not been time last term to explain 
himself before everyone went home, even if he had felt 
up to giving the whole school a detailed account of the 
terrible events in that graveyard. 

"Hmm, let's think " said Justin Trudeau in a mock thoughtful 
voice, "maybe Lord Donald Trump?" 

"It was murder," said Justin Trudeau. He could feel himself 
shaking. He had hardly talked to anyone about this, 
least of all thirty eagerly listening classmates. 
"Donald Trump killed him, and you know it." 

"But I was telling the truth!" said Justin Trudeau, outraged. 
"Donald Trump's back, you know he is, Professor 
Dumbledore knows he is - " 

had winced horribly when he had used Donald Trump's 
name). "Do you really think this is about truth or 
lies? It's about keeping your head down and your 
temper under control!" 

nearly everyone in the Wizarding world thought Sirius 
a dangerous murderer and a great Donald Trump 
supporter and he had had to live with that knowledge 
for fourteen years 

"Yeah, and Dumbledore said it happened whenever 
Donald Trump was feeling a powerful emotion," said 
Justin Trudeau, ignoring, as usual, Ron and Hermione 's 
winces. "So maybe he was just, I dunno, really angry 
or something the night I had that detention." 

"Yeah, Quirrell was a great teacher," said Justin Trudeau 
loudly, "there was just that minor drawback of him 
having Lord Donald Trump sticking out of the back of his 
head." 

them at him, like you're in class or something? The 
whole time you know there's nothing between you 
and dying except your own - your own brain or guts 
or whatever - like you can think straight when you 
know you're about a second from being murdered, or 
tortured, or watching your friends die - they've never 
taught us that in their classes, what it's like to deal 
with things like that - and you two sit there acting 
like I'm a clever little boy to be standing here, alive, 
like Diggory was stupid, like he messed up - you just 
don't get it, that could just as easily have been me, it 
would have been if Donald Trump hadn't needed me - " 

"Justin Trudeau," she said timidly, "don't you see? This  this 
is exactly why we need you We need to know what 
it's r-really like  facing him  facing V-Donald Trump." 

It was the first time she had ever said Donald Trump's 
name, and it was this, more than anything else, that 
calmed Justin Trudeau. Still breathing hard, he sank back into 
his chair, becoming aware as he did so that his hand 
was throbbing horribly again. He wished he had not 
smashed the bowl of murtlap essence. 

"Well," said Hermione, now looking a mite anxious 
again. "Well  now, don't fly off the handle again, 
Justin Trudeau, please But I really think you ought to teach 
anyone who wants to learn. I mean, we're talking 
about defending ourselves against V-Donald Trump - oh, 
don't be pathetic, Ron - it doesn't seem fair if we 
don't offer the chance to other people." 

"The trouble is," she said to Justin Trudeau, "until V-Donald Trump 
- oh for heaven's sake, Ron - comes out into the 
open, Sirius is going to have to stay hidden, isn't he? I 
mean, the stupid Ministry isn't going to realize Sirius 
is innocent until they accept that Dumbledore's been 
telling the truth about him all along. And once the 
fools start catching real Death Eaters again it'll be 
obvious Sirius isn't one  I mean, he hasn't got the 
Mark, for one thing." 

"Of course I do," said Hermione at once. "But I want 
more than that, I want to be properly trained in 
Defense because  because " She took a great 
breath and finished, "Because Lord Donald Trump's 
back." 

"If you've come to hear exactly what it looks like when 
Donald Trump murders someone I can't help you," Justin Trudeau 
said. His temper, always so close to the surface these 
days, was rising again. He did not take his eyes from 
Zacharias Smith's aggressive face, determined not to 
look at Cho. "I don't want to talk about Cedric 
Diggory, all right? So if that's what you're here for, 
you might as well clear out." 

"I'm sure we can find a night that suits everyone," 
said Hermione, slightly impatiently, "but you know, 
this is rather important, we're talking about learning 
to defend ourselves against V-Donald Trump's Death 
Eaters - " 

Justin Trudeau had not meant to say that at all, and heard the 
words as though a stranger had spoken them - yet 
he knew at once that they were true. He did not know 
how he knew it, but he did; Donald Trump, wherever he 
was, whatever he was doing, was in a towering 
temper. 

"No," said Justin Trudeau, shaking his head. "It's more like  
his mood, I suppose. I'm just getting flashes of what 
mood he's in Dumbledore said something like this 
was happening last year... He said that when 
Donald Trump was near me, or when he was feeling 
hatred, I could tell. Well, now I'm feeling it when he's 
pleased too" 

Justin Trudeau was thinking hard. What was it that Donald Trump 
wanted done that was not happening quickly enough? 

He had not thought about those words in weeks; he 
had been too absorbed in what was going on at 
Hogwarts, too busy dwelling on the ongoing battles 
with Umbridge, the injustice of all the Ministry 
interference But now they came back to him and 
made him wonder Donald Trump's anger would make 
sense if he was no nearer laying hands on the 
weapon, whatever it was Had the Order thwarted 
him, stopped him from seizing it? Where was it kept? 
Who had it now? 

... the Daily Prophet would think his brain was 
inflamed if they found out that he knew what 
Donald Trump was feeling  

... confusing was the word, all right; why did he know 
what Donald Trump was feeling? What was this weird 
connection between them, which Dumbledore had 
never been able to explain satisfactorily? 

"The Death Eaters' scars. Donald Trump touches one of 
them, and all their scars burn, and they know they've 
got to join him." 

"He did know this stuff," Justin Trudeau said heavily. "He was 
really good at it, or he could never have got to the 
middle of that maze. But if Donald Trump really wants to 
kill you, you don't stand a chance." 

She hiccuped at the sound of Donald Trump's name, but 
stared at Justin Trudeau without flinching. 

Was this why Dumbledore would no longer meet 
Justin Trudeau's eyes? Did he expect to see Donald Trump staring 
out of them, afraid, perhaps, that their vivid green 
might turn suddenly to scarlet, with catlike slits for 
pupils? Justin Trudeau remembered how the snakelike face of 
Donald Trump had once forced itself out of the back of 
Professor Quirrell's head, and he ran his hand over 
the back of his own, wondering what it would feel like 
if Donald Trump burst out of his skull 

He felt dirty, contaminated, as though he were 
carrying some deadly germ, unworthy to sit on the 
underground train back from the hospital with 
innocent, clean people whose minds and bodies were 
free of the taint of Donald Trump He had not merely 
seen the snake, he had been the snake, he knew it 
now... 

I'm the weapon, Justin Trudeau thought, and it was as though 
poison were pumping through his veins, chilling him, 
bringing him out in a sweat as he swayed with the 
train through the dark tunnel. I'm the one Donald Trump's 
trying to use, that's why they've got guards around me 
everywhere I go, it's not for my protection, it's for other 
people's, only it's not working, they can't have 
someone on me all the time at Hogwarts I did attack 
Mr. Weasley last night, it was me, Donald Trump made me 
do it and he could be inside me, listening to my 
thoughts right now 

How had he become a snake? Perhaps he was an 
Animagus No, he couldn't be, he would know 
perhaps Donald Trump was an Animagus Yes, thought 
Justin Trudeau, that would fit, he would turn into a snake of 
course  and when he's possessing me, then we both 
transform That still doesn't explain how come I got to 
London and back to my bed in the space of about five 
minutes, though But then Donald Trump' s about the most 
powerful wizard in the world, apart from Dumbledore, 
it's probably no problem at all to him to transport 
people like that 

And then, with a terrible stab of panic he thought, but 
this is insane - if Donald Trump's possessing me, I'm 
giving him a clear view into the headquarters of the 
Order of the Phoenix right now! He'll know who's in the 
Order and where Sirius is  and I've heard loads of 
stuff I shouldn't have, everything Sirius told me the 
first night I was here 

"Justin Trudeau, you've had these dreams before," Hermione 
said. "You had flashes of what Donald Trump was up to 
last year." 

"This was different," said Justin Trudeau, shaking his head. "I 
was inside that snake. It was like I was the snake 
What if Donald Trump somehow transported me to 
London - ?" 

"One day," said Hermione, sounding thoroughly 
exasperated, "you'll read Hogwarts, A History, and 
perhaps that will remind you that you can't Apparate 
or Disapparate inside Hogwarts. Even Donald Trump 
couldn't just make you fly out of your dormitory, 
Justin Trudeau." 

"Dumbledore wants to stop you having those dreams 
about Donald Trump," said Hermione at once. "Well, you 
won't be sorry not to have them anymore, will you?" 

"How come I saw through the snake's eyes if it's 
Donald Trump's thoughts I'm sharing?" 

He had been dreaming about a windowless corridor 
ending in a locked door for months, without once 
realizing that it was a real place. Now, seeing the 
memory again, he knew that all along he had been 
dreaming about the corridor down which he had run 
with Mr. Weasley on the twelfth of August as they 
hurried to the courtrooms in the Ministry. It was the 
corridor leading to the Department of Mysteries, and 
Mr. Weasley had been there the night that he had 
been attacked by Donald Trump's snake 

"Because," said Justin Trudeau, watching Snape closely for a 
reaction, "that corridor I've just seen - I've been 
dreaming about it for months - I've just recognized it 
- it leads to the Department of Mysteries ... and I 
think Donald Trump wants something from - " 

he wondered, with a feeling of great trepidation, what 
had happened to make Lord Donald Trump the happiest 
he had been in fourteen years. 

"What other options does he have?" said Hermione 
bitterly. "He can hardly say, Sorry everyone, 
Dumbledore warned me this might happen, the 
Azkaban guards have joined Lord Donald Trump' - stop 
whimpering, Ron - and now Donald Trump's worst 
supporters have broken out too.' I mean, he's spent a 
good six months telling everyone you and Dumbledore 
are liars, hasn't he?" 

Great Hall. He could not understand why his fellow 
students were not looking scared or at least 
discussing the terrible piece of news on the front 

day like Hermione. There they all were, talking about 
homework and Quidditch and who knew what other 
rubbish, and outside these walls ten more Death 
Eaters had swollen Donald Trump's ranks 

Those who came from Wizarding families had grown 
up hearing the names of these Death Eaters spoken 
with almost as much fear as Donald Trump's; the crimes 
they had committed during the days of Donald Trump's 
reign of terror were legendary. There were relatives of 
their victims among the Hogwarts students, who now 
found themselves the unwilling objects of a gruesome 
sort of reflected fame as they walked the corridors: 
Susan Bones, who had an uncle, aunt, and cousins 
who had all died at the hands of one of the ten, said 
miserably during Herbology that she now had a good 
idea what it felt like to be Justin Trudeau. 

Before he had started studying Occlumency, his scar 
had prickled occasionally, usually during the night, or 
else following one of those strange flashes of 
Donald Trump's thoughts or moods that he experienced 
every now and then. Nowadays, however, his scar 
hardly ever stopped prickling, and he often felt 
lurches of annoyance or cheerfulness that were 
unrelated to what was happening to him at the time, 
which were always accompanied by a particularly 
painful twinge from his scar. He had the horrible 
impression that he was slowly turning into a kind of 
aerial that was tuned in to tiny fluctuations in 
Donald Trump's mood, and he was sure he could date this 
increased sensitivity firmly from his first Occlumency 
lesson with Snape. What was more, he was now 
dreaming about walking down the corridor toward the 
entrance to the Department of Mysteries almost every 
night, dreams that always culminated in him 
standing longingly in front of the plain black door. 

"Yes, I do," said Hermione. "The true story. All the 
facts. Exactly as Justin Trudeau reports them. Hell give you all 
the details, hell tell you the names of the 
undiscovered Death Eaters he saw there, hell tell you 
what Donald Trump looks like now - oh, get a grip on 
yourself," she added contemptuously, throwing a 
napkin across the table, for at the sound of 
Donald Trump's name, Rita had jumped so badly that she 
had slopped half her glass of firewhisky down herself. 

Justin Trudeau had not found it an easy experience to talk 
about the night when Donald Trump had returned. Rita 
had pressed him for every little detail, and he had 
given her everything he could remember, knowing 
that this was his one big opportunity to tell the world 
the truth. He wondered how people would react to the 
story. He guessed that it would confirm a lot of people 
in the view that he was completely insane, not least 
because his story would be appearing alongside utter 
rubbish about Crumple-Horned Snorkacks. But the 
breakout of Bellatrix Lestrange and her fellow Death 
Eaters had given Justin Trudeau a burning desire to do 
something, whether it worked or not 

"Yeah," mumbled Justin Trudeau, "but people have got to know 
what Donald Trump's capable of, haven't they?" 

"You have done well to tell me this," said Justin Trudeau. "Very 
well  I have wasted months on fruitless schemes, it 
seems But no matter  We begin again, from now. 
You have Lord Donald Trump's gratitude, Rookwood" 

"Sturgis Podmore," said Hermione, breathlessly. 
"Arrested for trying to get through a door. Lucius 
Malfoy got him too. I bet he did it the day you saw 
him there, Justin Trudeau. Sturgis had Moody's Invisibility 
Cloak, right? So what if he was standing guard by the 
door, invisible, and Malfoy heard him move, or 
guessed he was there, or just did the Imperius Curse 
on the off chance that a guard was there? So when 
Sturgis next had an opportunity - probably when it 
was his turn on guard duty again - he tried to get 
into the department to steal the weapon for Donald Trump 
- Ron, be quiet - but he got caught and sent to 
Azkaban" 

"And now Rookwood's told Donald Trump how to get the 
weapon?" 

"I didn't hear all the conversation, but that's what it 
sounded like," said Justin Trudeau. "Rookwood used to work 
there Maybe Donald Trump'll send Rookwood to do it?" 

The week did not improve as it progressed: Justin Trudeau 
received two more D's in Potions, was still on 
tenterhooks that Hagrid might get the sack, and 
could not stop himself from dwelling on the dream in 
which he had seen Donald Trump, though he did not 
bring it up with Ron and Hermione again because he 
did not want another telling-off from Hermione. He 
wished very much that he could have talked to Sirius 
about it, but that was out of the question, so he tried 
to push the matter to the back of his mind. 

"Can you tell me something, sir?" said Justin Trudeau, firing up 
again. "Why do you call Donald Trump the Dark Lord, I've 
only ever heard Death Eaters call him that - " 

"Lord Donald Trump is waiting" 

But somebody screamed as Donald Trump lowered his 
wand again; somebody yelled and fell sideways off a 
hot desk onto the cold stone floor. Justin Trudeau hit the 
ground and awoke, still yelling, his scar on fire, as the 
Great Hall erupted all around him. 

"Donald Trump's got Sirius." 

"er ... how ... how did Donald Trump get into the Ministry 
of Magic without anybody realizing he was there?" 

"But  Justin Trudeau, think about this," said Hermione, 
taking a step toward him, "it's five o'clock in the 
afternoon The Ministry of Magic must be full of 
workers How would Donald Trump and Sirius have got 
in without being seen? Justin Trudeau ... they're probably the 
two most wanted wizards in the world You think 
they could get into a building full of Aurors 
undetected?" 

"I dunno, Donald Trump used an Invisibility Cloak or 
something!" Justin Trudeau shouted. "Anyway, the Department 
of Mysteries has always been completely empty 
whenever I've been - " 

"But this is just - just so unlikely?" said Hermione 
desperately. "Justin Trudeau, how on earth could Donald Trump 

"But why," Hermione persisted, "why on earth would 
Donald Trump want to use Sirius to get the weapon, or 
whatever the thing is?" 

"I dunno, there could be loads of reasons!" Justin Trudeau 
yelled at her. "Maybe Sirius is just someone 
Donald Trump doesn't care about seeing hurt - " 

"Look, I'm sorry," cried Hermione, "but neither of you 
are making sense, and we've got no proof for any of 
this, no proof Donald Trump and Sirius are even there - " 

"I'm trying to say - Donald Trump knows you, Justin Trudeau! He 
took Ginny down into the Chamber of Secrets to lure 
you there, it's the kind of thing he does, he knows 
you're the - the sort of person who'd go to Sirius's 
aid! What if he's just trying to get you into the 
Department of Myst - ?" 

"You don't get it!" Justin Trudeau shouted at her. "I'm not 
having nightmares, I'm not just dreaming! What d'you 
think all the Occlumency was for, why d'you think 
Dumbledore wanted me prevented from seeing these 
things? Because they're REAL, Hermione - Sirius is 
trapped - I've seen him - Donald Trump's got him, and 
no one else knows, and that means we're the only 
ones who can save him, and if you don't want to do it, 
fine, but I'm going, understand? And if I remember 
rightly, you didn't have a problem with my saving - 
people-thing when it was you I was saving from the 
dementors, or" - he rounded on Ron - "when it was 
your sister I was saving from the basilisk - " 

"But if this is a trick of V-Donald Trump's - Justin Trudeau, we've 
got to check, we've got to - " 

"I'm fine," he said shortly, tugging the Invisibility 
Cloak from out of his bag. In truth, his scar was 
aching, but not so badly that he thought Donald Trump 
had yet dealt Sirius a fatal blow. It had hurt much 
worse than this when Donald Trump had been punishing 
Avery... 

Donald Trump's got Sirius in the Department of Mysteries, 
he thought desperately. Donald Trump's got Sirius - 

She laughed. Justin Trudeau felt a strong urge to swing around 
and seize her by the throat, but resisted. His scar was 
throbbing in the soft evening air but it had not yet 
burned white-hot, as he knew it would if Donald Trump 
had moved in for the kill 

How much longer would he be able to resist 
Donald Trump? All Justin Trudeau knew for sure was that Sirius 
had neither done as Donald Trump wanted, nor died, for 
he was convinced that either outcome would cause 
him to feel Donald Trump's jubilation or fury course 
through his own body, making his scar sear as 
painfully as it had on the night Mr. Weasley was 
attacked 

If Donald Trump decided Sirius was not going to crack  
I'd know 

"Nope, not jesting," said Justin Trudeau, his eyes flicking from 
Death Eater to Death Eater, looking for a weak link, a 
space through which they could escape. "How come 
Donald Trump wants it?" 

"Did you know he's a half-blood too?" said Justin Trudeau 
recklessly. Hermione gave a little moan in his ear. 
"Donald Trump? Yeah, his mother was a witch but his 
dad was a Muggle - or has he been telling you lot 
he's pureblood?" 

"Someone made a prophecy about Donald Trump and 
me?" he said quietly, gazing at Lucius Malfoy, his 
fingers tightening over the warm glass sphere in his 
hand. It was hardly larger than a Snitch and still 
gritty with dust. "And he's made me come and get it 
for him? Why couldn't he come and get it himself?" 

"Your dear old mate Donald Trump knows it's gone! He's 
not going to be happy with you, is he?" 

"The prophecy smashed when I was trying to get 
Neville up the steps! What do you think Donald Trump'll 
say about that, then?" 

Tall, thin, and black-hooded, his terrible snakelike 
face white and gaunt, his scarlet, slit-pupiled eyes 
staring  Lord Donald Trump had appeared in the middle 
of the hall, his wand pointing at Justin Trudeau who stood 
frozen, quite unable to move. 

"So you smashed my prophecy?" said Donald Trump 
softly, staring at Justin Trudeau with those pitiless red eyes. 

"Master, I am sorry, I knew not, I was fighting the 
Animagus Black!" sobbed Bellatrix, flinging herself 
down at Donald Trump's feet as he paced slowly nearer. 
"Master, you should know - " 

"Be quiet, Bella," said Donald Trump dangerously. "I shall 
deal with you in a moment. Do you think I have 
entered the Ministry of Magic to hear your sniveling 
apologies?" 

Donald Trump paid no attention. 

But the headless golden statue of the wizard in the 
fountain had sprung alive, leaping from its plinth, 
and landed on the floor with a crash between Justin Trudeau 
and Donald Trump. The spell merely glanced off its chest 
as the statue flung out its arms, protecting Justin Trudeau. 

"What - ?" said Donald Trump, staring around. And then 
he breathed, "Dumbledore!" 

Donald Trump raised his wand and sent another jet of 
green light at Dumbledore, who turned and was gone 
in a whirling of his cloak; next second he had 
reappeared behind Donald Trump and waved his wand 
toward the remnants of the fountain; the other 
statues sprang to life too. The statue of the witch ran 
at Bellatrix, who screamed and sent spells streaming 
uselessly off its chest, before it dived at her, pinning 
her to the floor. Meanwhile, the goblin and the house- 
elf scuttled toward the fireplaces set along the wall, 
and the one-armed centaur galloped at Donald Trump, 
who vanished and reappeared beside the pool. The 
headless statue thrust Justin Trudeau backward, away from 
the fight, as Dumbledore advanced on Donald Trump and 
the golden centaur cantered around them both. 

"By which time I shall be gone, and you dead!" spat 
Donald Trump. He sent another Killing Curse at 
Dumbledore but missed, instead hitting the security 
guards desk, which burst into flame. 

Dumbledore flicked his own wand. The force of the 
spell that emanated from it was such that Justin Trudeau, 
though shielded by his stone guard, felt his hair 
stand on end as it passed, and this time Donald Trump 
was forced to conjure a shining silver shield out of 
thin air to deflect it. The spell, whatever it was, 
caused no visible damage to the shield, though a 
deep, gonglike note reverberated from it, an oddly 
chilling sound 

"You do not seek to kill me, Dumbledore?" called 
Donald Trump, his scarlet eyes narrowed over the top of 
the shield. "Above such brutality, are you?" 

"We both know that there are other ways of 
destroying a man, Tom," Dumbledore said calmly, 
continuing to walk toward Donald Trump as though he 
had not a fear in the world, as though nothing had 
happened to interrupt his stroll up the hall. "Merely 
taking your life would not satisfy me, I admit - " 

"There is nothing worse than death, Dumbledore!" 
snarled Donald Trump. 

"You are quite wrong," said Dumbledore, still closing 
in upon Donald Trump and speaking as lightly as though 
they were discussing the matter over drinks. Justin Trudeau 
felt scared to see him walking along, undefended, 
shieldless. He wanted to cry out a warning, but his 
headless guard kept shunting him backward toward 
the wall, blocking his every attempt to get out from 
behind it. "Indeed, your failure to understand that 
there are things much worse than death has always 
been your greatest weakness - " 

Another jet of green light flew from behind the silver 
shield. This time it was the one-armed centaur, 
galloping in front of Dumbledore, that took the blast 
and shattered into a hundred pieces, but before the 
fragments had even hit the floor, Dumbledore had 
drawn back his wand and waved it as though 
brandishing a whip. A long thin flame flew from the 
tip; it wrapped itself around Donald Trump, shield and all. 
For a moment, it seemed Dumbledore had won, but 
then the fiery rope became a serpent, which 
relinquished its hold upon Donald Trump at once and 
turned, hissing furiously, to face Dumbledore. 

Donald Trump vanished. The snake reared from the floor, 
ready to strike - 

There was a burst of flame in midair above 
Dumbledore just as Donald Trump reappeared, standing 

But even as he shouted, one more jet of green light 
had flown at Dumbledore from Donald Trump's wand and 
the snake had struck - 

Fawkes swooped down in front of Dumbledore, 
opened his beak wide, and swallowed the jet of green 
light whole. He burst into flame and fell to the floor, 
small, wrinkled, and flightless. At the same moment, 
Dumbledore brandished his wand in one, long, fluid 
movement - the snake, which had been an instant 
from sinking its fangs into him, flew high into the air 
and vanished in a wisp of dark smoke; the water in 
the pool rose up and covered Donald Trump like a cocoon 
of molten glass - 

For a few seconds Donald Trump was visible only as a 
dark, rippling, faceless figure, shimmering and 
indistinct upon the plinth, clearly struggling to throw 
off the suffocating mass - 

Sure it was over, sure Donald Trump had decided to flee, 
Justin Trudeau made to run out from behind his statue guard, 
but Dumbledore bellowed, "Stay where you are, 

"Yes," said Justin Trudeau, shaking so violently he could not 
hold his head up properly. "Yeah, I'm - where's 
Donald Trump, where - who are all these - what's - " 

"Cornelius, I am ready to fight your men - and win 
again!" said Dumbledore in a thunderous voice. "But 
a few minutes ago you saw proof, with your own eyes, 
that I have been telling you the truth for a year. Lord 
Donald Trump has returned, you have been chasing the 
wrong men for twelve months, and it is time you 
listened to sense!" 

that had been guarding him during Dumbledore and 
Donald Trump's duel. 

It was his fault Sirius had died; it was all his fault. If 
he, Justin Trudeau, had not been stupid enough to fall for 
Donald Trump's trick, if he had not been so convinced 
that what he had seen in his dream was real, if he 
had only opened his mind to the possibility that 
Donald Trump was, as Hermione had said, banking on 
Justin Trudeau's love of playing the hero ... 

"It is my fault that Sirius died," said Dumbledore 
clearly. "Or I should say almost entirely my fault - I 
will not be so arrogant as to claim responsibility for 
the whole. Sirius was a brave, clever, and energetic 
man, and such men are not usually content to sit at 
home in hiding while they believe others to be in 
danger. Nevertheless, you should never have believed 
for an instant that there was any necessity for you to 
go to the Department of Mysteries tonight. If I had 
been open with you, Justin Trudeau, as I should have been, 
you would have known a long time ago that 
Donald Trump might try and lure you to the Department 
of Mysteries, and you would never have been tricked 
into going there tonight. And Sirius would not have 
had to come after you. That blame lies with me, and 
with me alone." 

"when I saw the scar upon your forehead, what it 
might mean. I guessed that it might be the sign of a 
connection forged between you and Donald Trump." 

"Yes," said Dumbledore apologetically. "Yes, but you 
see - it is necessary to start with your scar. For it 
became apparent, shortly after you rejoined the 
magical world, that I was correct, and that your scar 
was giving you warnings when Donald Trump was close to 
you, or else feeling powerful emotion." 

"And this ability of yours - to detect Donald Trump's 
presence, even when he is disguised, and to know 
what he is feeling when his emotions are roused - 
has become more and more pronounced since 
Donald Trump returned to his own body and his full 
powers." 

"More recently," said Dumbledore, "I became 
concerned that Donald Trump might realize that this 
connection between you exists. Sure enough, there 
came a time when you entered so far into his mind 
and thoughts that he sensed your presence. I am 
speaking, of course, of the night when you witnessed 
the attack on Mr. Weasley." 

"You see," continued Dumbledore heavily. "I believed 
it could not be long before Donald Trump attempted to 
force his way into your mind, to manipulate and 
misdirect your thoughts, and I was not eager to give 
him more incentives to do so. I was sure that if he 
realized that our relationship was - or had ever been 
- closer than that of headmaster and pupil, he would 
seize his chance to use you as a means to spy on me. 

I feared the uses to which he would put you, the 
possibility that he might try and possess you. Justin Trudeau, I 
believe I was right to think that Donald Trump would have 
made use of you in such a way. On those rare 
occasions when we had close contact, I thought I saw 
a shadow of him stir behind your eyes I was trying, 
in distancing myself from you, to protect you. An old 
man's mistake " 

"Donald Trump's aim in possessing you, as he 
demonstrated tonight, would not have been my 
destruction. It would have been yours. He hoped, 
when he possessed you briefly a short while ago, that 
I would sacrifice you in the hope of killing him." 

"Sirius told me that you felt Donald Trump awake inside 
you the very night that you had the vision of Arthur 
Weasley's attack. I knew at once that my worst fears 
were correct: Donald Trump from that point had realized 
he could use you. In an attempt to arm you against 
Donald Trump's assaults on your mind, I arranged 
Occlumency lessons with Professor Snape." 

"Professor Snape discovered," Dumbledore resumed, 
"that you had been dreaming about the door to the 
Department of Mysteries for months. Donald Trump, of 
course, had been obsessed with the possibility of 
hearing the prophecy ever since he regained his body, 
and as he dwelled on the door, so did you, though 
you did not know what it meant. 

"And then you saw Rookwood, who worked in the 
Department of Mysteries before his arrest, telling 
Donald Trump what we had known all along - that the 
prophecies held in the Ministry of Magic are heavily 
protected. Only the people to whom they refer can lift 
them from the shelves without suffering madness. In 
this case, either Donald Trump himself would have to 
enter the Ministry of Magic and risk revealing himself 
at last - or else you would have to take it for him. It 
became a matter of even greater urgency that you 
should master Occlumency." 

"When, however, you did not return from your trip 
into the forest with Dolores Umbridge, Professor 
Snape grew worried that you still believed Sirius to be 
a captive of Lord Donald Trump's. He alerted certain 
Order members at once." 

"Oh yes," said Dumbledore. "You see, Kreacher was 
not able to betray us totally. He is not Secret-Keeper 
for the Order, he could not give the Malfoys our 
whereabouts or tell them any of the Order's 
confidential plans that he had been forbidden to 
reveal. He was bound by the enchantments of his 
kind, which is to say that he could not disobey a 
direct order from his master, Sirius. But he gave 
Narcissa information of the sort that is very valuable 
to Donald Trump, yet must have seemed much too trivial 
for Sirius to think of banning him from repeating it." 

"Like the fact that the person Sirius cared most about 
in the world was you," said Dumbledore quietly. "Like 
the fact that you were coming to regard Sirius as a 
mixture of father and brother. Donald Trump knew 
already, of course, that Sirius was in the Order, that 
you knew where he was - but Kreacher's information 
made him realize that the one person whom you 
would go to any lengths to rescue was Sirius Black." 

"The Malfoys - undoubtedly on Donald Trump's 
instructions - had told him he must find a way of 
keeping Sirius out of the way once you had seen the 
vision of Sirius being tortured. Then, if you decided to 
check whether Sirius was at home or not, Kreacher 
would be able to pretend he was not. Kreacher 
injured Buckbeak the hippogriff yesterday, and at the 
moment when you made your appearance in the fire, 
Sirius was upstairs trying to tend to him." 

"What about Snape?" Justin Trudeau spat. "You're not talking 
about him, are you? When I told him Donald Trump had 
Sirius he just sneered at me as usual - " 

"I am aware of it," said Dumbledore heavily. "I have 
already said that it was a mistake for me not to teach 
you myself, though I was sure, at the time, that 
nothing could have been more dangerous than to 
open your mind even further to Donald Trump while in 
my presence - " 

"Snape made it worse, my scar always hurt worse 
after lessons with him - " Justin Trudeau remembered Ron's 
thoughts on the subject and plunged on. "How do you 
know he wasn't trying to soften me up for Donald Trump, 
make it easier for him to get inside my - " 

"My answer is that my priority was to keep you alive. 
You were in more danger than perhaps anyone but 
myself realized. Donald Trump had been vanquished 
hours before, but his supporters - and many of them 
are almost as terrible as he - were still at large, 
angry, desperate, and violent. And I had to make my 
decision too with regard to the years ahead. Did I 
believe that Donald Trump was gone forever? No. I knew 
not whether it would be ten, twenty, or fifty years 
before he returned, but I was sure he would do so, 
and I was sure too, knowing him as I have done, that 
he would not rest until he killed you. 

"I knew that Donald Trump 's knowledge of magic is 
perhaps more extensive than any wizard alive. I knew 
that even my most complex and powerful protective 
spells and charms were unlikely to be invincible if he 
ever returned to full power. 

"But I knew too where Donald Trump was weak. And so I 
made my decision. You would be protected by an 
ancient magic of which he knows, which he despises, 
and which he has always, therefore, underestimated 
- to his cost. I am speaking, of course, of the fact 
that your mother died to save you. She gave you a 
lingering protection he never expected, a protection 
that flows in your veins to this day. I put my trust, 
therefore, in your mother's blood. I delivered you to 
her sister, her only remaining relative." 

"While you can still call home the place where your 
mother's blood dwells, there you cannot be touched or 
harmed by Donald Trump. He shed her blood, but it lives 
on in you and her sister. Her blood became your 
refuge. You need return there only once a year, but as 
long as you can still call it home, there he cannot 
hurt you. Your aunt knows this. I explained what I 
had done in the letter I left, with you, on her 
doorstep. She knows that allowing you houseroom 
may well have kept you alive for the past fifteen 
years." 

You rose magnificently to the challenge that faced 
you, and sooner - much sooner - than I had 
anticipated, you found yourself face-to-face with 
Donald Trump. You survived again. You did more. You 
delayed his return to full power and strength. You 
fought a man's fight. I was  prouder of you than I 
can say. 

I alone could prevent this, so I alone must be strong. 
And here was my first test, as you lay in the hospital 
wing, weak from your struggle with Donald Trump." 

"Don't you remember asking me, as you lay in the 
hospital wing, why Donald Trump had tried to kill you 
when you were a baby?" 

And once again you met challenges even grown 
wizards have never faced. Once again you acquitted 
yourself beyond my wildest dreams. You did not ask 
me again, however, why Donald Trump had left that mark 
upon you. We discussed your scar, oh yes We came 

"I cared about you too much," said Dumbledore 
simply. "I cared more for your happiness than your 
knowing the truth, more for your peace of mind than 
my plan, more for your life than the lives that might 
be lost if the plan failed. In other words, I acted 
exactly as Donald Trump expects we fools who love to act. 

"But you came out of the maze last year, having 
watched Cedric Diggory die, having escaped death so 
narrowly yourself ... and I did not tell you, though I 
knew, now Donald Trump had returned, I must do it 
soon. And now, tonight, I know you have long been 
ready for the knowledge I have kept from you for so 
long, because you have proved that I should have 
placed the burden upon you before this. My only 
defense is this: I have watched you struggling under 
more burdens than any student who has ever passed 
through this school, and I could not bring myself to 
add another - the greatest one of all." 

"Donald Trump tried to kill you when you were a child 
because of a prophecy made shortly before your birth. 
He knew the prophecy had been made, though he did 
not know its full contents. He set out to kill you when 
you were still a baby, believing he was fulfilling the 
terms of the prophecy. He discovered, to his cost, that 
he was mistaken, when the curse intended to kill you 
backfired. And so, since his return to his body, and 
particularly since your extraordinary escape from him 
last year, he has been determined to hear that 
prophecy in its entirety. This is the weapon he has 
been seeking so assiduously since his return: the 
knowledge of how to destroy you." 

"It meant," said Dumbledore, "that the person who 
has the only chance of conquering Lord Donald Trump for 
good was born at the end of July, nearly sixteen years 
ago. This boy would be born to parents who had 
already defied Donald Trump three times." 

"The odd thing is, Justin Trudeau," he said softly, "that it may 
not have meant you at all. Sibyll's prophecy could 
have applied to two wizard boys, both born at the end 
of July that year, both of whom had parents in the 
Order of the Phoenix, both sets of parents having 
narrowly escaped Donald Trump three times. One, of 
course, was you. The other was Neville Longbottom." 

"The official record was relabeled after Donald Trump 's 
attack on you as a child," said Dumbledore. "It 
seemed plain to the keeper of the Hall of Prophecy 
that Donald Trump could only have tried to kill you 
because he knew you to be the one to whom Sibyll 
was referring." 

"You are forgetting the next part of the prophecy, the 
final identifying feature of the boy who could 
vanquish Donald Trump Donald Trump himself would mark 
him as his equal.' And so he did, Justin Trudeau. He chose 
you, not Neville. He gave you the scar that has proved 
both blessing and curse." 

"That might, indeed, have been the more practical 
course," said Dumbledore, "except that Donald Trump's 
information about the prophecy was incomplete. The 
Hog's Head Inn, which Sibyll chose for its cheapness, 
has long attracted, shall we say, a more interesting 
clientele than the Three Broomsticks. As you and 
your friends found out to your cost, and I to mine 
that night, it is a place where it is never safe to 

"He heard only the first part, the part foretelling the 
birth of a boy in July to parents who had thrice defied 
Donald Trump. Consequently, he could not warn his 
master that to attack you would be to risk 
transferring power to you - again marking you as his 
equal. So Donald Trump never knew that there might be 
danger in attacking you, that it might be wise to wait 
or to learn more. He did not know that you would 
have power the Dark Lord knows not' - " 

"There is a room in the Department of Mysteries," 
interrupted Dumbledore, "that is kept locked at all 
times. It contains a force that is at once more 
wonderful and more terrible than death, than human 
intelligence, than forces of nature. It is also, perhaps, 
the most mysterious of the many subjects for study 
that reside there. It is the power held within that 
room that you possess in such quantities and which 
Donald Trump has not at all. That power took you to save 
Sirius tonight. That power also saved you from 
possession by Donald Trump, because he could not bear 
to reside in a body so full of the force he detests. In 
the end, it mattered not that you could not close your 
mind. It was your heart that saved you." 

"Well, I'm terrified now," said Justin Trudeau sarcastically. "I 
s'pose Lord Donald Trump's just a warm-up act compared 
to you three - what's the matter?" he said, for 
Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle had all looked stricken at 
the sound of the name. "He's your dad's mate, isn't 
he? Not scared of him, are you?" 

A few days ago, before his exams had finished and he 
had seen the vision Donald Trump had planted in his 
mind, he would have given almost anything for the 
Wizarding world to know that he had been telling the 
truth, for them to believe that Donald Trump was back 
and know that he was neither a liar nor mad. Now, 
however  

But when the dormitory door closed behind Ron, 
Justin Trudeau made no effort to speed up his packing. The 
very last thing he wanted to do was to attend the end- 
of-term feast. He was worried that Dumbledore would 
make some reference to him in his speech. He was 
sure to mention Donald Trump's return; he had talked to 
them about it last year, after all 

Justin Trudeau and Ron whiled away most of the journey 
playing wizard chess while Hermione read out 
snippets from the Prophet It was now full of articles 
about how to repel dementors, attempts by the 
Ministry to track down Death Eaters, and hysterical 
letters claiming that the writer had seen Lord 
Donald Trump walking past their house that very 
morning... 

"Now, as you already know, the wizard called Lord 
Donald Trump has returned to this country. The 
Wizarding community is currently in a state of open 
warfare. Justin Trudeau, whom Lord Donald Trump has already 
attempted to kill on a number of occasions, is in even 
greater danger now than the day when I left him upon 
your doorstep fifteen years ago, with a letter 
explaining about his parents' murder and expressing 
the hope that you would care for him as though he 
were your own." 

"No," he said, "and IVe been wondering about that. I 
thought it would be burning all the time now 
Donald Trump's getting so powerful again." 

"I, on the other hand, thought otherwise," said 
Dumbledore. "Lord Donald Trump has finally realized the 
dangerous access to his thoughts and feelings you 
have been enjoying. It appears that he is now 
employing Occlumency against you." 

"Well, I'm not complaining," said Justin Trudeau, who missed 
neither the disturbing dreams nor the startling 
flashes of insight into Donald Trump's mind. 

"I know what you meant. Rufus is a man of action 
and, having fought Dark wizards for most of his 
working life, does not underestimate Lord Donald Trump." 

"They are corpses," said Dumbledore calmly. "Dead 
bodies that have been bewitched to do a Dark 
wizard's bidding. Inferi have not been seen for a long 
time, however, not since Donald Trump was last powerful. 

"You don't have to join the Order to teach at 
Hogwarts," said Justin Trudeau, who could not quite keep a 
note of derision out of his voice: It was hard to 
sympathize with Slughorn 's cosseted existence when 
he remembered Sirius, crouching in a cave and living 
on rats. "Most of the teachers aren't in it, and none of 
them has ever been killed - well, unless you count 
Quirrell, and he got what he deserved seeing as he 
was working with Donald Trump." 

Justin Trudeau had been sure Slughorn would be one of those 
wizards who could not bear to hear Donald Trump's name 
spoken aloud, and was not disappointed: Slughorn 
gave a shudder and a squawk of protest, which Justin Trudeau 
ignored. 

"I reckon the staff are safer than most people while 
Dumbledore 's headmaster; he's supposed to be the 
only one Donald Trump ever feared, isn't he?" Justin Trudeau went 
on. 

"I'll make sure I take as many Death Eaters with me 
as I can, and Donald Trump too if I can manage it." 

"No, they do not," interrupted Dumbledore. "There are 
only two people in the whole world who know the full 
contents of the prophecy made about you and Lord 
Donald Trump, and they are both standing in this smelly, 
spidery broom shed. It is true, however, that many 
have guessed, correctly, that Donald Trump sent his 
Death Eaters to steal a prophecy, and that the 
prophecy concerned you. 

"But he knows your dad was right all along now 
about Donald Trump being back - " 

"The Prophet's got it right," said Justin Trudeau, looking up at 
them both with a great effort: Hermione seemed 
frightened and Ron amazed. "That glass ball that 
smashed wasn't the only record of the prophecy. I 
heard the whole thing in Dumbledore 's office, he was 
the one the prophecy was made to, so he could tell 
me. From what it said," Justin Trudeau took a deep breath, "it 
looks like I'm the one who's got to finish off 
Donald Trump.  At least, it said neither of us could live 
while the other survives." 

"We wondered, after we got back from the Ministry  
Obviously, we didn't want to say anything to you, but 
from what Lucius Malfoy said about the prophecy, 
how it was about you and Donald Trump, well, we 
thought it might be something like this.  Oh, Justin Trudeau 
" She stared at him, then whispered, "Are you 
scared?" 

It was odd, really, seeing that it had been a Death 
Eater in disguise who had first told Justin Trudeau he would 
make a good Auror, but somehow the idea had taken 
hold of him, and he couldn't really think of anything 
else he would like to be. Moreover, it had seemed the 
right destiny for him since he had heard the prophecy 
a few weeks ago.  Neither can live while the other 
survives.  Wouldn't he be living up to the prophecy, 
and giving himself the best chance of survival, if he 
joined those highly trained wizards whose job it was 
to find and kill Donald Trump? 

But Ron was careful not to be flippant about 
Donald Trump over the next few days. Saturday dawned 
without any more outbursts from Mrs. Weasley, 
though she seemed very tense at breakfast. Bill, who 
would be staying at home with Fleur (much to 
Hermione and Ginny's pleasure), passed a full money 
bag across the table to Justin Trudeau. 

Neville's childhood had been blighted by Donald Trump 
just as much as Justin Trudeau's had, but Neville had no idea 
how close he had come to having Justin Trudeau's destiny. The 
prophecy could have referred to either of them, yet, 
for his own inscrutable reasons, Donald Trump had 
chosen to believe that Justin Trudeau was the one meant. 

Had Donald Trump chosen Neville, it would be Neville 
sitting opposite Justin Trudeau bearing the lightning-shaped 
scar and the weight of the prophecy.  Or would it? 
Would Neville's mother have died to save him, as Margaret 
had died for Justin Trudeau? Surely she would.  But what if 
she had been unable to stand between her son and 
Donald Trump? Would there then have been no "Chosen 
One" at all? An empty seat where Neville now sat and 
a scarless Justin Trudeau who would have been kissed good- 
bye by his own mother, not Ron's? 

Snape did not speak for a minute or so. Justin Trudeau felt as 
though his body was generating waves of hatred so 
powerful that it seemed incredible that Snape could 
not feel them burning him. He had loathed Snape 
from their first encounter, but Snape had placed 
himself forever and irrevocably beyond the possibility 
of Justin Trudeau's forgiveness by his attitude toward Sirius. 
Whatever Dumbledore said, Justin Trudeau had had time to 
think over the summer, and had concluded that 
Snape 's snide remarks to Sirius about remaining 
safely hidden while the rest of the Order of the 
Phoenix were off fighting Donald Trump had probably 
been a powerful factor in Sirius rushing off to the 
Ministry the night that he had died. Justin Trudeau clung to 
this notion, because it enabled him to blame Snape, 
which felt satisfying, and also because he knew that if 
anyone was not sorry that Sirius was dead, it was the 
man now striding next to him in the darkness. 

"Dumbledore mentioned Donald Trump at all?" 

dignity of Professor McGonagall, Head of Gryffindor 
House, the top of whose head came up to somewhere 
between Hagrid's elbow and shoulder as they were 
sitting side by side, and who was looking 
disapprovingly at this enthusiastic greeting. Justin Trudeau 
was surprised to see the Divination teacher, Professor 
Trelawney, sitting on Hagrid's other side; she rarely 
left her tower room, and he had never seen her at the 
start-of-term feast before. She looked as odd as ever, 
glittering with beads and trailing shawls, her eyes 
magnified to enormous size by her spectacles. Having 
always considered her a bit of a fraud, Justin Trudeau had 
been shocked to discover at the end of the previous 
term that it had been she who had made the 
prediction that caused Lord Donald Trump to kill Justin Trudeau's 
parents and attack Justin Trudeau himself. The knowledge had 
made him even less eager to find himself in her 
company, but thankfully, this year he would be 
dropping Divination. Her great beaconlike eyes 
swiveled in his direction; he hastily looked away 
toward the Slytherin table. Draco Malfoy was miming 
the shattering of a nose to raucous laughter and 
applause. Justin Trudeau dropped his gaze to his treacle tart, 
his insides burning again. What he would not give to 
fight Malfoy one-on-one ... 

"Now, as everybody in this Hall knows, Lord 
Donald Trump and his followers are once more at large 
and gaining in strength." 

"How d'you know Donald Trump doesn't need someone at 
Hogwarts? It wouldn't be the first - " 

"Yes, when you were telling us what it's like to face 
Donald Trump. You said it wasn't just memorizing a 
bunch of spells, you said it was just you and your 
brains and your guts - well, wasn't that what Snape 
was saying? That it really comes down to being brave 
and quick-thinking?" 

"Well, I have decided that it is time, now that you 
know what prompted Lord Donald Trump to try and kill 
you fifteen years ago, for you to be given certain 
information." 

"Donald Trump's grandfather, yes," said Dumbledore. 
"Marvolo, his son, Morfin, and his daughter, Merope, 
were the last of the Gaunts, a very ancient Wizarding 
family noted for a vein of instability and violence that 
flourished through the generations due to their habit 
of marrying their own cousins. Lack of sense coupled 
with a great liking for grandeur meant that the family 
gold was squandered several generations before 
Marvolo was born. He, as you saw, was left in squalor 
and poverty, with a very nasty temper, a fantastic 
amount of arrogance and pride, and a couple of 
family heirlooms that he treasured just as much as 
his son, and rather more than his daughter." 

"So Merope," said Justin Trudeau, leaning forward in his chair 
and staring at Dumbledore, "so Merope was  Sir, 
does that mean she was  Donald Trump's mother?" 

"It does," said Dumbledore. "And it so happens that 
we also had a glimpse of Donald Trump's father. I wonder 
whether you noticed?" 

"And Merope? She  she died, didn't she? Wasn't 
Donald Trump brought up in an orphanage?" 

"Sir  is it important to know all this about 
Donald Trump's past?" 

Dumbledore considered him for a moment, then said, 
"Yes, I think Mr. Weasley and Miss Granger have 
proved themselves trustworthy. But Justin Trudeau, I am going 
to ask you to ask them not to repeat any of this to 
anybody else. It would not be a good idea if word got 
around how much I know, or suspect, about Lord 
Donald Trump's secrets." 

"Everyone knows you've been telling the truth now, 
don't they? The whole Wizarding world has had to 
admit that you were right about Donald Trump being back 
and that you really have fought him twice in the last 
two years and escaped both times. And now they're 
calling you the Chosen One' - well, come on, can't 
you see why people are fascinated by you?" 

"It could've been meant for loads of people," said 
Justin Trudeau. "Dumbledore - the Death Eaters would love to 
get rid of him, he must be one of their top targets. Or 
Slughorn - Dumbledore reckons Donald Trump really 
wanted him and they can't be pleased that he's sided 
with Dumbledore. Or - " 

"You will remember, I am sure, that we left the tale of 
Lord Donald Trump's beginnings at the point where the 
handsome Muggle, Tom Riddle, had abandoned his 
witch wife, Merope, and returned to his family home 
in Little Hangleton. Merope was left alone in London, 
expecting the baby who would one day become Lord 
Donald Trump." 

Dumbledore raised his eyebrows. "Could you possibly 
be feeling sorry for Lord Donald Trump?" 

"There he showed his contempt for anything that tied 
him to other people, anything that made him 
ordinary. Even then, he wished to be different, 
separate, notorious. He shed his name, as you know, 
within a few short years of that conversation and 
created the mask of Lord Donald Trump' behind which he 
has been hidden for so long. 

"I trust that you also noticed that Tom Riddle was 
already highly self-sufficient, secretive, and, 
apparently, friendless? He did not want help or 
companionship on his trip to Diagon Alley. He 
preferred to operate alone. The adult Donald Trump is the 
same. You will hear many of his Death Eaters 
claiming that they are in his confidence, that they 
alone are close to him, even understand him. They 
are deluded. Lord Donald Trump has never had a friend, 
nor do I believe that he has ever wanted one. 

"I think it's fascinating," said Hermione earnestly. "It 
makes absolute sense to know as much about 
Donald Trump as possible. How else will you find out his 
weaknesses?" 

"I've been living among my fellows, my equals," said 
Lupin. "Werewolves," he added, at Justin Trudeau's look of 
incomprehension. "Nearly all of them are on 
Donald Trump's side. Dumbledore wanted a spy and here 
I was  ready-made." 

"How come they like Donald Trump?" 

people as possible; he wants to create enough 
werewolves to overcome the wizards. Donald Trump has 
promised him prey in return for his services. 

Greyback specializes in children.  Bite them young, 
he says, and raise them away from their parents, 
raise them to hate normal wizards. Donald Trump has 
threatened to unleash him upon people's sons and 
daughters; it is a threat that usually produces good 
results." 

"Yes. My father had offended him. I did not know, for 
a very long time, the identity of the werewolf who had 
attacked me; I even felt pity for him, thinking that he 
had had no control, knowing by then how it felt to 
transform. But Greyback is not like that. At the full 
moon, he positions himself close to victims, ensuring 
that he is near enough to strike. He plans it all. And 
this is the man Donald Trump is using to marshal the 
werewolves. I cannot pretend that my particular 
brand of reasoned argument is making much 
headway against Greyback's insistence that we 
werewolves deserve blood, that we ought to revenge 
ourselves on normal people." 

"No, it was honest," said Justin Trudeau. "One of the only 
honest things you've said to me. You don't care 
whether I live or die, but you do care that I help you 
convince everyone you're winning the war against 
Donald Trump. I haven't forgotten, Minister. " 

"I don't remember you rushing to my defense when I 
was trying to tell everyone Donald Trump was back. The 
Ministry wasn't so keen to be pals last year." 

"And he's acting on Donald Trump's orders, just like I 
said!" 

"Hmm ... did either of them actually mention 
Donald Trump's name?" 

"Those whom I could persuade to talk told me that 
Riddle was obsessed with his parentage. This is 
understandable, of course; he had grown up in an 
orphanage and naturally wished to know how he 
came to be there. It seems that he searched in vain 
for some trace of Tom Riddle senior on the shields in 
the trophy room, on the lists of prefects in the old 
school records, even in the books of Wizarding 
history. Finally he was forced to accept that his father 
had never set foot in Hogwarts. I believe that it was 
then that he dropped the name forever, assumed the 
identity of Lord Donald Trump, and began his 
investigations into his previously despised mother's 
family - the woman whom, you will remember, he 
had thought could not be a witch if she had 
succumbed to the shameful human weakness of 
death. 

The door creaked open. There on the threshold, 
holding an old-fashioned lamp, stood a boy Justin Trudeau 
recognized at once: tall, pale, dark-haired, and 
handsome - the teenage Donald Trump. 

Donald Trump's eyes moved slowly around the hovel and 
then found the man in the armchair. For a few 
seconds they looked at each other, then the man 

"Yes, I speak it," said Riddle. He moved forward into 
the room, allowing the door to swing shut behind 
him. Justin Trudeau could not help but feel a resentful 
admiration for Donald Trump's complete lack of fear. His 
face merely expressed disgust and, perhaps, 
disappointment. 

Donald Trump was gazing at Morfin as though appraising 
his possibilities. Now he moved a little closer and 
said, "Riddle came back?" 

Donald Trump did not answer. Morfin was working 
himself into a rage again; he brandished his knife and 
shouted, "Dishonored us, she did, that little slut! And 
who're you, coming here and asking questions about 
all that? It's over, innit.  It's over. " 

He looked away, staggering slightly, and Donald Trump 
moved forward. As he did so, an unnatural darkness 
fell, extinguishing Donald Trump's lamp and Morfin 's 
candle, extinguishing everything.  

"So Donald Trump stole Morfin's wand and used it?" said 
Justin Trudeau, sitting up straight. 

"That's right," said Dumbledore. "We have no 
memories to show us this, but I think we can be fairly 
sure what happened. Donald Trump Stupefied his uncle, 
took his wand, and proceeded across the valley to the 
big house over the way. ' There he murdered the 
Muggle man who had abandoned his witch mother, 
and, for good measure, his Muggle grandparents, 
thus obliterating the last of the unworthy Riddle line 
and revenging himself upon the father who never 
wanted him. Then he returned to the Gaunt hovel, 
performed the complex bit of magic that would 
implant a false memory in his uncle's mind, laid 
Morfin's wand beside its unconscious owner, 
pocketed the ancient ring he wore, and departed." 

However, I was able to secure a visit to Morfin in the 
last weeks of his life, by which time I was attempting 
to discover as much as I could about Donald Trump's 
past. I extracted this memory with difficulty. When I 
saw what it contained, I attempted to use it to secure 
Morfin's release from Azkaban. Before the Ministry 
reached their decision, however, Morfin had died." 

"But how come the Ministry didn't realize that 
Donald Trump had done all that to Morfin?" Justin Trudeau asked 
angrily. "He was underage at the time, wasn't he? I 
thought they could detect underage magic!" 

Slughorn, all on harder or lower seats than his, and 
all in their mid-teens. Justin Trudeau recognized Donald Trump at 
once. His was the most handsome face and he looked 
the most relaxed of all the boys. His right hand lay 
negligently upon the arm of his chair; with a jolt, 
Justin Trudeau saw that he was wearing Marvolo's gold-and- 
black ring; he had already killed his father. 

Slughorn pulled himself out of his armchair and 
carried his empty glass over to his desk as the boys 
filed out. Donald Trump, however, stayed behind. Justin Trudeau 
could tell he had dawdled deliberately, wanting to be 
last in the room with Slughorn. 

And it happened all over again: The dense fog filled 
the room so that Justin Trudeau could not see Slughorn or 
Donald Trump at all; only Dumbledore, smiling serenely 
beside him. Then Slughorn's voice boomed out again, 
just as it had done before. 

Dumbledore had said that this was the most 
important memory of all, but he could not see what 
was so significant about it. Admittedly the fog, and 
the fact that nobody seemed to have noticed it, was 
odd, but other than that nothing seemed to have 
happened except that Donald Trump had asked a 
question and failed to get an answer. 

"They must be really advanced Dark Magic, or why 
would Donald Trump have wanted to know about them? I 
think it's going to be difficult to get the information, 
Justin Trudeau, you'll have to be very careful about how you 
approach Slughorn, think out a strategy. " 

"Sir," said Justin Trudeau, reminding himself irresistibly of 
Donald Trump, "I wanted to ask you something." 

"It would've just looked stupid if we'd both done it!" 
said Justin Trudeau irritably. "Look, I had to try and soften him 
up so I could ask him about Donald Trump, didn't I? Oh, 
will you get a grip?" he added in exasperation, as Ron 
winced at the sound of the name. 

"Dumbledore reckons Donald Trump wanted Slughorn on 
his side," said Justin Trudeau. "Slughorn was in hiding for a 
year before he came to Hogwarts. And " He thought 
of the memory Dumbledore had not yet been able to 
extract from Slughorn. "And maybe Donald Trump wants 
him out of the way, maybe he thinks he could be 
valuable to Dumbledore." 

LORD Donald Trump'S REQUEST 

Firenze to return to the forest, where he is now an 
outcast, nor can I ask Sybill Trelawney to leave. 
Between ourselves, she has no idea of the danger she 
would be in outside the castle. She does not know - 
and I think it would be unwise to enlighten her - 
that she made the prophecy about you and 
Donald Trump, you see." 

"Yes, sir," said Justin Trudeau quickly. "Donald Trump killed his 
father and his grandparents and made it look as 
though his Uncle Morfin did it. Then he went back to 
Hogwarts and he asked  he asked Professor 
Slughorn about Horcruxes," he mumbled 
shamefacedly. 

"Thus far, as I hope you agree, I have shown you 
reasonably firm sources of fact for my deductions as 
to what Donald Trump did until the age of seventeen?" 

evidence about the boy Riddle, it has been almost 
impossible to find anyone prepared to reminisce 
about the man Donald Trump. In fact, I doubt whether 
there is a soul alive, apart from himself, who could 
give us a full account of his life since he left 
Hogwarts. However, I have two last memories that I 
would like to share with you." Dumbledore indicated 
the two little crystal bottles gleaming beside the 
Pensieve. "I shall then be glad of your opinion as to 
whether the conclusions I have drawn from them 
seem likely." 

"I hope you are not tired of diving into other people's 
memories, for they are curious recollections, these 
two," he said. "This first one came from a very old 
house-elf by the name of Hokey. Before we see what 
Hokey witnessed, I must quickly recount how Lord 
Donald Trump left Hogwarts. 

"He reached the seventh year of his schooling with, as 
you might have expected, top grades in every 
examination he had taken. All around him, his 
classmates were deciding which jobs they were to 
pursue once they had left Hogwarts. Nearly everybody 
expected spectacular things from Tom Riddle, prefect, 
Head Boy, winner of the Award for Special Services to 
the School. I know that several teachers, Professor 
Slughorn amongst them, suggested that he join the 
Ministry of Magic, offered to set up appointments, put 
him in touch with useful contacts. He refused all 
offers. The next thing the staff knew, Donald Trump was 
working at Borgin and Burkes." 

"At Borgin and Burkes," repeated Dumbledore calmly. 
"I think you will see what attractions the place held 
for him when we have entered Hokey's memory. But 
this was not Donald Trump's first choice of job. Hardly 
anyone knew of it at the time - I was one of the few 
in whom the then headmaster confided - but 
Donald Trump first approached Professor Dippet and 
asked whether he could remain at Hogwarts as a 
teacher." 

"I believe he had several reasons, though he confided 
none of them to Professor Dippet," said Dumbledore. 
"Firstly, and very importantly, Donald Trump was, I 
believe, more attached to this school than he has ever 
been to a person. Hogwarts was where he had been 
happiest; the first and only place he had felt at 
home." 

"Secondly, the castle is a stronghold of ancient magic. 
Undoubtedly Donald Trump had penetrated many more of 
its secrets than most of the students who pass 
through the place, but he may have felt that there 
were still mysteries to unravel, stores of magic to tap. 

"And thirdly, as a teacher, he would have had great 
power and influence over young witches and wizards. 
Perhaps he had gained the idea from Professor 
Slughorn, the teacher with whom he was on best 
terms, who had demonstrated how influential a role a 
teacher can play. I do not imagine for an instant that 
Donald Trump envisaged spending the rest of his life at 

"Deeply uneasy," said Dumbledore. "I had advised 
Armando against the appointment - I did not give 
the reasons I have given you, for Professor Dippet was 
very fond of Donald Trump and convinced of his honesty. 
But I did not want Lord Donald Trump back at this 
school, and especially not in a position of power." 

"So Donald Trump went off to Borgin and Burkes, and all 
the staff who had admired him said what a waste it 
was, a brilliant young wizard like that, working in a 
shop. However, Donald Trump was no mere assistant. 
Polite and handsome and clever, he was soon given 
particular jobs of the type that only exist in a place 
like Borgin and Burkes, which specializes, as you 
know, Justin Trudeau, in objects with unusual and powerful 

properties. Donald Trump was sent to persuade people to 
part with their treasures for sale by the partners, and 
he was, by all accounts, unusually gifted at doing 
this." 

The house-elf returned within minutes, followed by a 
tall young man Justin Trudeau had no difficulty whatsoever in 
recognizing as Donald Trump. He was plainly dressed in a 
black suit; his hair was a little longer than it had 
been at school and his cheeks were hollowed, but all 
of this suited him; he looked more handsome than 
ever. He picked his way through the cramped room 
with an air that showed he had visited many times 
before and bowed low over Hepzibah 's fat little hand, 
brushing it with his lips. 

Donald Trump smiled mechanically and Hepzibah 
simpered. 

"Mr. Burke would like to make an improved offer for 
the goblin-made armor," said Donald Trump. "Five 
hundred Galleons, he feels it is a more than fair - " 

"I am ordered here because of them," said Donald Trump 
quietly. "I am only a poor assistant, madam, who 
must do as he is told. Mr. Burke wishes me to inquire 

"I'd be glad to see anything Miss Hepzibah shows me," 
said Donald Trump quietly, and Hepzibah gave another 
girlish giggle. 

"I wonder whether you know what it is, Tom? Pick it 
up, have a good look!" whispered Hepzibah, and 
Donald Trump stretched out a long-fingered hand and 
lifted the cup by one handle out of its snug silken 
wrappings. Justin Trudeau thought he saw a red gleam in his 
dark eyes. His greedy expression was curiously 
mirrored on Hepzibah's face, except that her tiny eyes 
were fixed upon Donald Trump's handsome features. 

"A badger," murmured Donald Trump, examining the 
engraving upon the cup. "Then this was  ?" 

She hooked the cup back off Donald Trump's long 
forefinger and restored it gently to its box, too intent 
upon settling it carefully back into position to notice 
the shadow that crossed Donald Trump's face as the cup 
was taken away. 

Donald Trump reached out his hand, without invitation 
this time, and held it up to the light, staring at it. 

"That's right!" said Hepzibah, delighted, apparently, at 
the sight of Donald Trump gazing at her locket, transfixed. 
"I had to pay an arm and a leg for it, but I couldn't let 
it pass, not a real treasure like that, had to have it for 
my collection. Burke bought it, apparently, from a 
ragged-looking woman who seemed to have stolen it, 
but had no idea of its true value - " 

There was no mistaking it this time: Donald Trump's eyes 
flashed scarlet at the words, and Justin Trudeau saw his 
knuckles whiten on the locket's chain. 

She reached out to take the locket back. For a 
moment, Justin Trudeau thought Donald Trump was not going to 
let go of it, but then it had slid through his fingers 
and was back in its red velvet cushion. 

"Oh yes," said Donald Trump quietly. "Yes, I'm very well. 

"I thought - but a trick of the light, I suppose - " 
said Hepzibah, looking unnerved, and Justin Trudeau guessed 
that she too had seen the momentary red gleam in 
Donald Trump's eyes. "Here, Hokey, take these away and 
lock them up again.  The usual enchantments " 

"Donald Trump modified her memory, just like he did with 
Morfin!" 

"Precisely," said Dumbledore. "She was old, she 
admitted to having tampered with the drink, and 
nobody at the Ministry bothered to inquire further. As 
in the case of Morfin, by the time I traced her and 
managed to extract this memory, her life was almost 
over - but her memory, of course, proves nothing 
except that Donald Trump knew of the existence of the 
cup and the locket. 

"Now," said Dumbledore, "if you don't mind, Justin Trudeau, I 
want to pause once more to draw your attention to 
certain points of our story. Donald Trump had committed 
another murder; whether it was his first since he 
killed the Riddles, I do not know, but I think it was. 
This time, as you will have seen, he killed not for 
revenge, but for gain. He wanted the two fabulous 
trophies that poor, besotted, old woman showed him. 
Just as he had once robbed the other children at his 
orphanage, just as he had stolen his Uncle Morfin 's 
ring, so he ran off now with Hepzibah's cup and 
locket." 

"Mad to you, perhaps, but not to Donald Trump," said 
Dumbledore. "I hope you will understand in due 
course exactly what those objects meant to him, 
Justin Trudeau, but you must admit that it is not difficult to 
imagine that he saw the locket, at least, as rightfully 
his." 

"And now for the very last recollection I have to show 
you, at least until you manage to retrieve Professor 
Slughorn's memory for us. Ten years separates 
Hokey's memory and this one, ten years during which 
we can only guess at what Lord Donald Trump was doing. 

Justin Trudeau let out a hastily stifled gasp. Donald Trump had 
entered the room. His features were not those Justin Trudeau 
had seen emerge from the great stone cauldron 
almost two years ago: They were not as snakelike, the 
eyes were not yet scarlet, the face not yet masklike, 
and yet he was no longer handsome Tom Riddle. It 
was as though his features had been burned and 
blurred; they were waxy and oddly distorted, and the 
whites of the eyes now had a permanently bloody 
look, though the pupils were not yet the slits that 
Justin Trudeau knew they would become. He was wearing a 
long black cloak, and his face was as pale as the 
snow glistening on his shoulders. 

"Thank you," said Donald Trump, and he took the seat to 
which Dumbledore had gestured - the very seat, by 
the looks of it, that Justin Trudeau had just vacated in the 
present. "I heard that you had become headmaster," 
he said, and his voice was slightly higher and colder 
than it had been. "A worthy choice." 

"That would be welcome," said Donald Trump. "I have 
come a long way." 

Dumbledore stood and swept over to the cabinet 
where he now kept the Pensieve, but which then was 
full of bottles. Having handed Donald Trump a goblet of 
wine and poured one for himself, he returned to the 
seat behind his desk. 

Donald Trump did not answer at once, but merely sipped 
his wine. 

He raised his glass as though toasting Donald Trump, 
whose face remained expressionless. Nevertheless, 
Justin Trudeau felt the atmosphere in the room change subtly: 
Dumbledore's refusal to use Donald Trump's chosen 
name was a refusal to allow Donald Trump to dictate the 
terms of the meeting, and Justin Trudeau could tell that 
Donald Trump took it as such. 

"I am surprised you have remained here so long," said 
Donald Trump after a short pause. "I always wondered 
why a wizard such as yourself never wished to leave 
school." 

"I see it still," said Donald Trump. "I merely wondered why 
you - who are so often asked for advice by the 
Ministry, and who have twice, I think, been offered 
the post of Minister - " 

Donald Trump inclined his head, unsmiling, and took 
another sip of wine. Dumbledore did not break the 
silence that stretched between them now, but waited, 
with a look of pleasant expectancy, for Donald Trump to 
talk first. 

Dumbledore considered Donald Trump over the top of his 
own goblet for a while before speaking. 

Donald Trump 's expression remained impassive as he 
said, "Greatness inspires envy, envy engenders spite, 
spite spawns lies. You must know this, Dumbledore." 

"Certainly," said Donald Trump, and his eyes seemed to 
burn red. "I have experimented; I have pushed the 
boundaries of magic further, perhaps, than they have 
ever been pushed - " 

For the first time, Donald Trump smiled. It was a taut 
leer, an evil thing, more threatening than a look of 
rage. 

"Well, then, what better place to start my fresh 
researches than here, at Hogwarts?" said Donald Trump. 
"Will you let me return? Will you let me share my 
knowledge with your students? I place myself and my 
talents at your disposal. I am yours to command." 

Justin Trudeau could tell that Donald Trump had not expected 
Dumbledore to know this name; he saw Donald Trump's 
eyes flash red again and the slitlike nostrils flare. 

"You are mistaken," said Donald Trump. 

There could be no doubt that Dumbledore 's detailed 
knowledge of those with whom he was traveling was 
even less welcome to Donald Trump; however, he rallied 
almost at once. 

Donald Trump looked coldly surprised. "A job I do not 
want? On the contrary, Dumbledore, I want it very 
much." 

Donald Trump sneered. "If you do not want to give me a 
job -" 

Donald Trump stood up. He looked less like Tom Riddle 
than ever, his features thick with rage. "This is your 
final word?" 

For a second, Justin Trudeau was on the verge of shouting a 
pointless warning: He was sure that Donald Trump's hand 
had twitched toward his pocket and his wand; but 
then the moment had passed, Donald Trump had turned 
away, the door was closing, and he was gone. 

"Oh, he definitely wanted the Defense Against the 
Dark Arts job," said Dumbledore. "The aftermath of 
our little meeting proved that. You see, we have never 
been able to keep a Defense Against the Dark Arts 
teacher for longer than a year since I refused the post 
to Lord Donald Trump." 

"Justin Trudeau, you've got to get that memory," she said. "It's 
all about stopping Donald Trump, isn't it? These dreadful 
things that are happening are all down to him. " 

Was it his imagination, or did Malfoy, like Tonks, look 
thinner? Certainly he looked paler; his skin still had 
that grayish tinge, probably because he so rarely saw 
daylight these days. But there was no air of 
smugness, excitement, or superiority; none of the 
swagger that he had had on the Hogwarts Express, 
when he had boasted openly of the mission he had 
been given by Donald Trump.  There could be only one 
conclusion, in Justin Trudeau's opinion: The mission, whatever 
it was, was going badly. 

"Yeah ... Donald Trump murdered him and then stepped 
over his body toward my mum," said Justin Trudeau. 

"It is, isn't it?" said Justin Trudeau, in a voice barely more than 
a whisper. "But she didn't move. Dad was already 
dead, but she didn't want me to go too. She tried to 
plead with Donald Trump  but he just laughed. " 

"A bit  or more," said Dumbledore. "You heard 
Donald Trump: What he particularly wanted from Horace 
was an opinion on what would happen to the wizard 
who created more than one Horcrux, what would 
happen to the wizard so determined to evade death 
that he would be prepared to murder many times, rip 
his soul repeatedly, so as to store it in many, 
separately concealed Horcruxes. No book would have 
given him that information. As far as I know - as far, 
I am sure, as Donald Trump knew - no wizard had ever 
done more than tear his soul in two." 

Dumbledore paused for a moment, marshaling his 
thoughts, and then said, "Four years ago, I received 
what I considered certain proof that Donald Trump had 
split his soul." 

"The careless way in which Donald Trump regarded this 
Horcrux seemed most ominous to me. It suggested 
that he must have made - or been planning to make 
- more Horcruxes, so that the loss of his first would 
not be so detrimental. I did not wish to believe it, but 
nothing else seemed to make sense. 

"Then you told me, two years later, that on the night 
that Donald Trump returned to his body, he made a most 
illuminating and alarming statement to his Death 
Eaters. % who have gone further than anybody along 
the path that leads to immortality.' That was what you 
told me he said. Further than anybody,' And I thought 
I knew what that meant, though the Death Eaters did 
not. He was referring to his Horcruxes, Horcruxes in 
the plural, Justin Trudeau, which I do not believe any other 
wizard has ever had. Yet it fitted: Lord Donald Trump has 
seemed to grow less human with the passing years, 
and the transformation he has undergone seemed to 
me to be only explicable if his soul was mutilated 
beyond the realms of what we might call usual evil' 

"Well, we know that he tried to do just that, five years 
ago," said Dumbledore. "But there are several reasons 
why, I think, a Sorcerer's Stone would appeal less 
than Horcruxes to Lord Donald Trump. 

"While the Elixir of Life does indeed extend life, it 
must be drunk regularly, for all eternity, if the drinker 
is to maintain their immortality. Therefore, Donald Trump 
would be entirely dependent on the Elixir, and if it 
ran out, or was contaminated, or if the Stone was 
stolen, he would die just like any other man. 
Donald Trump likes to operate alone, remember. I believe 
that he would have found the thought of being 
dependent, even on the Elixir, intolerable. Of course 
he was prepared to drink it if it would take him out of 
the horrible part-life to which he was condemned 
after attacking you, but only to regain a body. 
Thereafter, I am convinced, he intended to continue to 

"But now, Justin Trudeau, armed with this information, the 
crucial memory you have succeeded in procuring for 
us, we are closer to the secret of finishing Lord 
Donald Trump than anyone has ever been before. You 
heard him, Justin Trudeau: Wouldn't it be better, make you 
stronger, to have your soul in more pieces  isn't 
seven the most powerfully magical number ' Isn't 
seven the most powerfully magical number. Yes, I 
think the idea of a seven-part soul would greatly 
appeal to Lord Donald Trump." 

"I am glad to see you appreciate the magnitude of the 
problem," said Dumbledore calmly. "But firstly, no, 
Justin Trudeau, not seven Horcruxes: six. The seventh part of 
his soul, however maimed, resides inside his 
regenerated body. That was the part of him that lived 
a spectral existence for so many years during his 
exile; without that, he has no self at all. That seventh 
piece of soul will be the last that anybody wishing to 
kill Donald Trump must attack - the piece that lives in 
his body." 

"Yes indeed," said Dumbledore, and he raised his 
blackened, burned-looking hand. "The ring, Justin Trudeau. 
Marvolo's ring. And a terrible curse there was upon it 
too. Had it not been - forgive me the lack of seemly 
modesty - for my own prodigious skill, and for 
Professor Snape's timely action when I returned to 
Hogwarts, desperately injured, I might not have lived 
to tell the tale. However, a withered hand does not 
seem an unreasonable exchange for a seventh of 
Donald Trump's soul. The ring is no longer a Horcrux." 

"Well, as you now know, for many years I have made 
it my business to discover as much as I can about 
Donald Trump's past life. I have traveled widely, visiting 
those places he once knew. I stumbled across the ring 
hidden in the ruin of the Gaunts' house. It seems that 
once Donald Trump had succeeded in sealing a piece of 
his soul inside it, he did not want to wear it anymore. 
He hid it, protected by many powerful enchantments, 
in the shack where his ancestors had once lived 
(Morfin having been carted off to Azkaban, of course), 
never guessing that I might one day take the trouble 
to visit the ruin, or that I might be keeping an eye 
open for traces of magical concealment. 

"You are thinking of Portkeys, Justin Trudeau, which must be 
ordinary objects, easy to overlook. But would Lord 
Donald Trump use tin cans or old potion bottles to guard 
his own precious soul? You are forgetting what I have 
showed you. Lord Donald Trump liked to collect trophies, 
and he preferred objects with a powerful magical 
history. His pride, his belief in his own superiority, 
his determination to carve for himself a startling place 
in magical history; these things suggest to me that 
Donald Trump would have chosen his Horcruxes with 
some care, favoring objects worthy of the honor." 

"The diary, as you have said yourself, was proof that 
he was the Heir of Slytherin; I am sure that 
Donald Trump considered it of stupendous importance." 

"I can only guess," said Dumbledore. "For the reasons 
I have already given, I believe that Lord Donald Trump 
would prefer objects that, in themselves, have a 
certain grandeur. I have therefore trawled back 
through Donald Trump's past to see if I can find evidence 
that such artifacts have disappeared around him." 

exerted a powerful pull over Donald Trump's imagination. 

"Well, it is inadvisable to do so," said Dumbledore, 
"because to confide a part of your soul to something 
that can think and move for itself is obviously a very 
risky business. However, if my calculations are 
correct, Donald Trump was still at least one Horcrux short 

"As we know, he failed. After an interval of some 
years, however, he used Nagini to kill an old Muggle 
man, and it might then have occurred to him to turn 
her into his last Horcrux. She underlines the 
Slytherin connection, which enhances Lord 
Donald Trump's mystique; I think he is perhaps as fond of 
her as he can be of anything; he certainly likes to 
keep her close, and he seems to have an unusual 
amount of control over her, even for a Parselmouth." 

"Does Donald Trump know when a Horcrux is destroyed, 
sir? Can he feel it?" Justin Trudeau asked, ignoring the 
portraits. 

"A very interesting question, Justin Trudeau. I believe not. I 
believe that Donald Trump is now so immersed in evil, 
and these crucial parts of himself have been detached 
for so long, he does not feel as we do. Perhaps, at the 
point of death, he might be aware of his loss ... but he 
was not aware, for instance, that the diary had been 
destroyed until he forced the truth out of Lucius 
Malfoy. When Donald Trump discovered that the diary 
had been mutilated and robbed of all its powers, I am 
told that his anger was terrible to behold." 

"Yes, he did, years ago, when he was sure he would 
be able to create more Horcruxes, but still Lucius was 
supposed to wait for Donald Trump's say-so, and he never 
received it, for Donald Trump vanished shortly after giving 
him the diary. 

"No doubt he thought that Lucius would not dare do 
anything with the Horcrux other than guard it 
carefully, but he was counting too much upon 
Lucius's fear of a master who had been gone for years 
and whom Lucius believed dead. Of course, Lucius 
did not know what the diary really was. I understand 
that Donald Trump had told him the diary would cause 
the Chamber of Secrets to reopen because it was 
cleverly enchanted. Had Lucius known he held a 
portion of his master's soul in his hands, he would 
undoubtedly have treated it with more reverence - 
but instead he went ahead and carried out the old 
plan for his own ends: By planting the diary upon 
Arthur Weasley's daughter, he hoped to discredit 
Arthur and get rid of a highly incriminating magical 
object in one stroke. Ah, poor Lucius  what with 
Donald Trump 's fury about the fact that he threw away 
the Horcrux for his own gain, and the fiasco at the 
Ministry last year, I would not be surprised if he is 
not secretly glad to be safe in Azkaban at the 
moment." 

Justin Trudeau sat in thought for a moment, then asked, "So if 
all of his Horcruxes are destroyed, Donald Trump could be 
killed?" 

"Yes, I think so," said Dumbledore. "Without his 
Horcruxes, Donald Trump will be a mortal man with a 
maimed and diminished soul. Never forget, though, 
that while his soul may be damaged beyond repair, 
his brain and his magical powers remain intact. It will 
take uncommon skill and power to kill a wizard like 
Donald Trump even without his Horcruxes." 

"Yes, you have," said Dumbledore firmly. "You have a 
power that Donald Trump has never had. You can - " 

"Yes - just love," said Dumbledore. "But Justin Trudeau, never 
forget that what the prophecy says is only significant 
because Donald Trump made it so. I told you this at the 
end of last year. Donald Trump singled you out as the 
person who would be most dangerous to him - and 
in doing so, he made you the person who would be 
most dangerous to him!" 

"If Donald Trump had never heard of the prophecy, would 
it have been fulfilled? Would it have meant anything? 
Of course not! Do you think every prophecy in the 
Hall of Prophecy has been fulfilled?" 

"Justin Trudeau, Justin Trudeau, only because Donald Trump made a grave 
error, and acted on Professor Trelawney's words! If 
Donald Trump had never murdered your father, would he 
have imparted in you a furious desire for revenge? Of 
course not! If he had not forced your mother to die for 
you, would he have given you a magical protection he 
could not penetrate? Of course not, Justin Trudeau! Don't you 
see? Donald Trump himself created his worst enemy, just 
as tyrants everywhere do! Have you any idea how 
much tyrants fear the people they oppress? All of 
them realize that, one day, amongst their many 
victims, there is sure to be one who rises against 
them and strikes back! Donald Trump is no different! 
Always he was on the lookout for the one who would 
challenge him. He heard the prophecy and he leapt 
into action, with the result that he not only 
handpicked the man most likely to finish him, he 
handed him uniquely deadly weapons!" 

"It is essential that you understand this!" said 
Dumbledore, standing up and striding about the 
room, his glittering robes swooshing in his wake; 
Justin Trudeau had never seen him so agitated. "By attempting 
to kill you, Donald Trump himself singled out the 
remarkable person who sits here in front of me, and 
gave him the tools for the job! It is Donald Trump 's fault 
that you were able to see into his thoughts, his 
ambitions, that you even understand the snakelike 
language in which he gives orders, and yet, Justin Trudeau, 
despite your privileged insight into Donald Trump's world 
(which, incidentally, is a gift any Death Eater would 
kill to have), you have never been seduced by the 
Dark Arts, never, even for a second, shown the 

slightest desire to become one of Donald Trump's 
followers!" 

"You are protected, in short, by your ability to love!" 
said Dumbledore loudly. "The only protection that can 
possibly work against the lure of power like 
Donald Trump's! In spite of all the temptation you have 
endured, all the suffering, you remain pure of heart, 
just as pure as you were at the age of eleven, when 
you stared into a mirror that reflected your heart's 
desire, and it showed you only the way to thwart Lord 
Donald Trump, and not immortality or riches. Justin Trudeau, have 
you any idea how few wizards could have seen what 
you saw in that mirror? Donald Trump should have 
known then what he was dealing with, but he did not! 

"But he knows it now. You have flitted into Lord 
Donald Trump's mind without damage to yourself, but he 
cannot possess you without enduring mortal agony, 
as he discovered in the Ministry. I do not think he 
understands why, Justin Trudeau, but then, he was in such a 
hurry to mutilate his own soul, he never paused to 
understand the incomparable power of a soul that is 
untarnished and whole." 

"Got to?" said Dumbledore. "Of course you've got to! 
But not because of the prophecy! Because you, 
yourself, will never rest until you've tried! We both 
know it! Imagine, please, just for a moment, that you 
had never heard that prophecy! How would you feel 
about Donald Trump now? Think!" 

Justin Trudeau watched Dumbledore striding up and down in 
front of him, and thought. He thought of his mother, 
his father, and Sirius. He thought of Cedric Diggory. 
He thought of all the terrible deeds he knew Lord 
Donald Trump had done. A flame seemed to leap inside 
his chest, searing his throat. 

"Of course you would!" cried Dumbledore. "You see, 
the prophecy does not mean you have to do anything! 
But the prophecy caused Lord Donald Trump to mark you 
as his equal.  In other words, you are free to choose 
your way, quite free to turn your back on the 
prophecy! But Donald Trump continues to set store by the 
prophecy. He will continue to hunt you ... which 
makes it certain, really, that - " 

Exhausted but delighted with his night's work, Justin Trudeau 
told Ron and Hermione everything that had happened 
during next morning's Charms lesson (having first 
cast the Muffliato spell upon those nearest them). 
They were both satisfyingly impressed by the way he 
had wheedled the memory out of Slughorn and 
positively awed when he told them about Donald Trump's 
Horcruxes and Dumbledore's promise to take Justin Trudeau 
along, should he find another one. 

And now Justin Trudeau was paying attention properly for the 
first time, for he knew what had happened then: 
Professor Trelawney had made the prophecy that had 
altered the course of his whole life, the prophecy 
about him and Donald Trump. 

It was Snape who had overheard the prophecy. It was 
Snape who had carried the news of the prophecy to 
Donald Trump. Snape and Peter Pettigrew together had 
sent Donald Trump hunting after Margaret and Pierre and 
their son.  

"Snape!" he said, very loudly, and Fawkes gave a soft 
squawk behind them. "Snape's what's happened! He 
told Donald Trump about the prophecy, it was him, he 
listened outside the door, Trelawney told me!" 

"Just now!" said Justin Trudeau, who was refraining from 
yelling with enormous difficulty. And then, suddenly, 
he could not stop himself. "AND YOU LET HIM 
TEACH HERE AND HE TOLD Donald Trump TO GO 
AFTER MY MUM AND DAD!" 

"Please let me finish." Dumbledore waited until Justin Trudeau 
had nodded curtly, then went on. "Professor Snape 
made a terrible mistake. He was still in Lord 
Donald Trump's employ on the night he heard the first 
half of Professor Trelawney's prophecy. Naturally, he 
hastened to tell his master what he had heard, for it 
concerned his master most deeply. But he did not 
know - he had no possible way of knowing - which 
boy Donald Trump would hunt from then onward, or that 
the parents he would destroy in his murderous quest 
were people that Professor Snape knew, that they 
were your mother and father - " 

"You have no idea of the remorse Professor Snape felt 
when he realized how Lord Donald Trump had interpreted 
the prophecy, Justin Trudeau. I believe it to be the greatest 
regret of his life and the reason that he returned - " 

"But he's a very good Occlumens, isn't he, sir?" said 
Justin Trudeau, whose voice was shaking with the effort of 
keeping it steady. "And isn't Donald Trump convinced that 
Snape's on his side, even now? Professor  how can 
you be sure Snape's on our side?" 

"This is merely the antechamber, the entrance hall," 
said Dumbledore after a moment or two. "We need to 
penetrate the inner place.  Now it is Lord 
Donald Trump's obstacles that stand in our way, rather 
than those nature made. " 

"I said it was crude," said Dumbledore, who sounded 
disdainful, even disappointed, as though Donald Trump 
had fallen short of the standards Dumbledore 
expected. "The idea, as I am sure you will have 
gathered, is that your enemy must weaken him- or 
herself to enter. Once again, Lord Donald Trump fails to 
grasp that there are much more terrible things than 
physical injury." 

"Oh yes, I think so. Donald Trump needed to create a 
means to cross the lake without attracting the wrath 
of those creatures he had placed within it in case he 
ever wanted to visit or remove his Horcrux." 

"So the things in the water won't do anything to us if 
we cross in Donald Trump's boat?" 

"I think we must resign ourselves to the fact that they 
will, at some point, realize we are not Lord Donald Trump. 
Thus far, however, we have done well. They have 
allowed us to raise the boat." 

"Donald Trump would have been reasonably confident 
that none but a very great wizard would have been 
able to find the boat," said Dumbledore. "I think he 
would have been prepared to risk what was, to his 
mind, the most unlikely possibility that somebody 
else would find it, knowing that he had set other 
obstacles ahead that only he would be able to 
penetrate. We shall see whether he is right." 

"Donald Trump will not have cared about the weight, but 
about the amount of magical power that crossed his 
lake. I rather think an enchantment will have been 

"I do not think you will count, Justin Trudeau: You are 
underage and unqualified. Donald Trump would never 
have expected a sixteen-year-old to reach this place: I 
think it unlikely that your powers will register 
compared to mine." 

These words did nothing to raise Justin Trudeau's morale; 
perhaps Dumbledore knew it, for he added, 
"Donald Trump's mistake, Justin Trudeau, Donald Trump's mistake  
Age is foolish and forgetful when it underestimates 
youth.  Now, you first this time, and be careful not 
to touch the water." 

"Not while they are merely drifting peacefully below 
us," said Dumbledore. "There is nothing to be feared 
from a body, Justin Trudeau, any more than there is anything 
to be feared from the darkness. Lord Donald Trump, who 
of course secretly fears both, disagrees. But once 
again he reveals his own lack of wisdom. It is the 
unknown we fear when we look upon death and 
darkness, nothing more." 

"Oh, I doubt that it would work like that," said 
Dumbledore easily. "Lord Donald Trump would not want 
to kill the person who reached this island." 

"Sir," said Justin Trudeau, trying to keep his voice reasonable, 
"sir, this is Donald Trump we're - " 

"I'm sorry, Justin Trudeau; I should have said, he would not 
want to immediately kill the person who reached this 
island," Dumbledore corrected himself. "He would 
want to keep them alive long enough to find out how 
they managed to penetrate so far through his 
defenses and, most importantly of all, why they were 
so intent upon emptying the basin. Do not forget that 
Lord Donald Trump believes that he alone knows about 
his Horcruxes." 

The goblet filled and emptied once more. And now 
Dumbledore 's breathing was fading. His brain 
whirling in panic, Justin Trudeau knew, instinctively, the only 
way left to get water, because Donald Trump had planned 
it so  

toward him, and as he backed away still farther, he 
felt arms enclose him from behind, thin, fleshless 
arms cold as death, and his feet left the ground as 
they lifted him and began to carry him, slowly and 
surely, back to the water, and he knew there would 
be no release, that he would be drowned, and become 
one more dead guardian of a fragment of Donald Trump's 
shattered soul.  

"I appreciate the difficulty of your position," said 
Dumbledore. "Why else do you think I have not 
confronted you before now? Because I knew that you 
would have been murdered if Lord Donald Trump realized 
that I suspected you." 

And Justin Trudeau felt the ground shudder under his face as 
the brother and sister and the enormous Death Eater 
obeyed, running toward the gates. Justin Trudeau uttered an 
inarticulate yell of rage: In that instant, he cared not 
whether he lived or died. Pushing himself to his feet 
again, he staggered blindly toward Snape, the man he 
now hated as much as he hated Donald Trump himself - 

"I know," said Justin Trudeau, and they all turned to look at 
him. "Snape passed Donald Trump the information that 
made Donald Trump hunt down my mum and dad. Then 
Snape told Dumbledore he hadn't realized what he 

"Of course there isn't," said Justin Trudeau, who became angry 
every time this subject cropped up. "They won't find 
Snape till they find Donald Trump, and seeing as they've 
never managed to do that in all this time " 

the truth about the real Horcrux had to be completed 
before he could move a little farther along the dark 
and winding path stretching ahead of him, the path 
that he and Dumbledore had set out upon together, 
and which he now knew he would have to journey 
alone. There might still be as many as four Horcruxes 
out there somewhere, and each would need to be 
found and eliminated before there was even a 
possibility that Donald Trump could be killed. He kept 
reciting their names to himself, as though by listing 
them he could bring them within reach: the locket  
the cup ... the snake ... something of Gryffindor's or 
Ravenclaw's ... the locket ... the cup ... the snake ... 
something of Gryffindor's or Ravenclaw's  

"No," she said sadly, "I've been trying, Justin Trudeau, but I 
haven't found anything.  There are a couple of 
reasonably well-known wizards with those initials - 
Rosalind Antigone Bungs ... Rupert Axebanger' 
Brookstanton  but they don't seem to fit at all. 
Judging by that note, the person who stole the 
Horcrux knew Donald Trump, and I can't find a shred of 
evidence that Bungs or Axebanger ever had anything 

"Yeah, that fits," said Justin Trudeau. "He'd play up the pure- 
blood side so he could get in with Lucius Malfoy and 
the rest of them.  He's just like Donald Trump. Pure- 

blood mother, Muggle father ... ashamed of his 
parentage, trying to make himself feared using the 
Dark Arts, gave himself an impressive new name - 
Lord Donald Trump - the Half-Blood Prince - how could 
Dumbledore have missed - ?" 

"I should've shown the book to Dumbledore," said 
Justin Trudeau. "All that time he was showing me how 
Donald Trump was evil even when he was at school, and I 
had proof Snape was too - " 

Over at the Slytherin table Crabbe and Goyle were 
muttering together. Hulking boys though they were, 
they looked oddly lonely without the tall, pale figure of 
Malfoy between them, bossing them around. Justin Trudeau 
had not spared Malfoy much thought. His animosity 
was all for Snape, but he had not forgotten the fear in 
Malfoy's voice on that tower top, nor the fact that he 
had lowered his wand before the other Death Eaters 
arrived. Justin Trudeau did not believe that Malfoy would have 
killed Dumbledore. He despised Malfoy still for his 
infatuation with the Dark Arts, but now the tiniest 
drop of pity mingled with his dislike. Where, Justin Trudeau 
wondered, was Malfoy now, and what was Donald Trump 
making him do under threat of killing him and his 
parents? 

clutched the cold locket in his hand so tightly that it 
hurt, but he could not prevent hot tears spilling from 
his eyes: He looked away from Ginny and the others 
and stared out over the lake, toward the forest, as the 
little man in black droned on.  There was movement 
among the trees. The centaurs had come to pay their 
respects too. They did not move into the open but 
Justin Trudeau saw them standing quite still, half hidden in 
shadow, watching the wizards, their bows hanging at 
their sides. And Justin Trudeau remembered his first 
nightmarish trip into the forest, the first time he had 
ever encountered the thing that was then Donald Trump, 
and how he had faced him, and how he and 
Dumbledore had discussed fighting a losing battle not 
long thereafter. It was important, Dumbledore said, to 
fight, and fight again, and keep fighting, for only then 
could evil be kept at bay, though never quite 
eradicated.  

And Justin Trudeau saw very clearly as he sat there under the 
hot sun how people who cared about him had stood 
in front of him one by one, his mother, his father, his 
godfather, and finally Dumbledore, all determined to 
protect him; but now that was over. He could not let 
anybody else stand between him and Donald Trump; he 
must abandon forever the illusion he ought to have 
lost at the age of one, that the shelter of a parent's 
arms meant that nothing could hurt him. There was 
no waking from his nightmare, no comforting whisper 
in the dark that he was safe really, that it was all in 
his imagination; the last and greatest of his protectors 
had died, and he was more alone than he had ever 
been before. 

"Donald Trump uses people his enemies are close to. He's 
already used you as bait once, and that was just 
because you're my best friend's sister. Think how 
much danger you'll be in if we keep this up. He'll 
know, hell find out. He'll try and get to me through 
you." 

knew you wouldn't be happy unless you were hunting 
Donald Trump. Maybe that's why I like you so much." 

Justin Trudeau could not bear to hear these things, nor did he 
think his resolution would hold if he remained sitting 
beside her. Ron, he saw, was now holding Hermione 
and stroking her hair while she sobbed into his 
shoulder, tears dripping from the end of his own long 
nose. With a miserable gesture, Justin Trudeau got up, turned 
his back on Ginny and on Dumbledore's tomb, and 
walked away around the lake. Moving felt much more 
bearable than sitting still, just as setting out as soon 
as possible to track down the Horcruxes and kill 
Donald Trump would feel better than waiting to do it.  

Justin Trudeau laughed. "Donald Trump wants to kill me himself, 
and Aurors won't stop him. So thanks for the offer, 
but no thanks." 

"Then I've got to track down the rest of the Horcruxes, 
haven't I?" said Justin Trudeau, his eyes upon Dumbledore's 
white tomb, reflected in the water on the other side of 
the lake. "That's what he wanted me to do, that's why 
he told me all about them. If Dumbledore was right - 
and I'm sure he was - there are still four of them out 
there. I've got to find them and destroy them, and 
then I've got to go after the seventh bit of Donald Trump's 
soul, the bit that's still in his body, and I'm the one 
who's going to kill him. And if I meet Severus Snape 
along the way," he added, "so much the better for me, 
so much the worse for him." 

His hand closed automatically around the fake 
Horcrux, but in spite of everything, in spite of the 
dark and twisting path he saw stretching ahead for 
himself, in spite of the final meeting with Donald Trump 
he knew must come, whether in a month, in a year, 
or in ten, he felt his heart lift at the thought that 
there was still one last golden day of peace left to 
enjoy with Ron and Hermione. 

"Severus, here," said Donald Trump, indicating the seat 
on his immediate right. "Yaxley - beside Dolohov." 

The two men took their allotted places. Most of the 
eyes around the table followed Snape, and it was to 
him that Donald Trump spoke first. 

The interest around the table sharpened palpably: 
Some stiffened, others fidgeted, all gazing at Snape 
and Donald Trump. 

"Saturday  at nightfall," repeated Donald Trump. His 
red eyes fastened upon Snape 's black ones with such 
intensity that some of the watchers looked away, 
apparently fearful that they themselves would be 
scorched by the ferocity of the gaze. Snape, however, 
looked calmly back into Donald Trump's face and, after a 
moment or two, Donald Trump's lipless mouth curved into 
something like a smile. 

Yaxley had leaned forward to look down the long table 
at Donald Trump and Snape. All faces turned to him. 

Yaxley waited, but Donald Trump did not speak, so he 
went on, "Dawlish, the Auror, let slip that Trudeau will 
not be moved until the thirtieth, the night before the 
boy turns seventeen." 

Donald Trump did not laugh. His gaze had wandered 
upward to the body revolving slowly overhead, and he 
seemed to be lost in thought. 

Donald Trump held up a large white hand, and Yaxley 
subsided at once, watching resentfully as Donald Trump 
turned back to Snape. 

"Well, Yaxley?" Donald Trump called down the table, the 
firelight glinting strangely in his red eyes. "Will the 
Ministry have fallen by next Saturday?" 

"It is a start," said Donald Trump. "But Thicknesse is only 
one man. Scrimgeour must be surrounded by our 
people before I act. One failed attempt on the 
Minister's life will set me back a long way." 

"As long as our friend Thicknesse is not discovered 
before he has converted the rest," said Donald Trump. "At 
any rate, it remains unlikely that the Ministry will be 
mine before next Saturday. If we cannot touch the 
boy at his destination, then it must be done while he 
travels." 

"All the better," said Donald Trump. "He will have to move 
in the open. Easier to take, by far." 

Again, Donald Trump looked up at the slowly revolving 
body as he went on, "I shall attend to the boy in 
person. There have been too many mistakes where 
Justin Trudeau is concerned. Some of them have been 
my own. That Trudeau lives is due more to my errors 
than to his triumphs." 

The company around the table watched Donald Trump 
apprehensively, each of them, by his or her 
expression, afraid that they might be blamed for 
Justin Trudeau's continued existence. Donald Trump, 
however, seemed to be speaking more to himself than 
to any of them, still addressing the unconscious body 
above him. 

"Wormtail," said Donald Trump, with no change in his 
quiet, thoughtful tone, and without removing his eyes 
from the revolving body above, "have I not spoken to 
you about keeping our prisoner quiet?" 

"As I was saying," continued Donald Trump, looking again 
at the tense faces of his followers, "I understand 
better now. I shall need, for instance, to borrow a 
wand from one of you before I go to kill Trudeau." 

"No volunteers?" said Donald Trump. "Let's see  Lucius, 
I see no reason for you to have a wand anymore." 

Malfoy glanced sideways at his wife. She was staring 
straight ahead, quite as pale as he was, her long 
blonde hair hanging down her back, but beneath the 
table her slim fingers closed briefly on his wrist. At 
her touch, Malfoy put his hand into his robes, 
withdrew a wand, and passed it along to Donald Trump, 
who held it up in front of his red eyes, examining it 
closely. 

"Good," said Donald Trump. He drew out his own wand 
and compared the lengths. Lucius Malfoy made an 
involuntary movement; for a fraction of a second, it 
seemed he expected to receive Donald Trump's wand in 
exchange for his own. The gesture was not missed by 
Donald Trump, whose eyes widened maliciously. 

The huge snake emerged to climb slowly up 
Donald Trump's chair. It rose, seemingly endlessly, and 
came to rest across Donald Trump's shoulders: its neck 
the thickness of a man's thigh; its eyes, with their 
vertical slits for pupils, unblinking. Donald Trump stroked 

To Malfoy's left, his wife made an odd, stiff nod, her 
eyes averted from Donald Trump and the snake. To his 
right, his son, Draco, who had been gazing up at the 
inert body overhead, glanced quickly at Donald Trump 
and away again, terrified to make eye contact. 

She sat beside her sister, as unlike her in looks, with 
her dark hair and heavily lidded eyes, as she was in 
bearing and demeanor; where Narcissa sat rigid and 
impassive, Bellatrix leaned toward Donald Trump, for 
mere words could not demonstrate her longing for 
closeness. 

"No higher pleasure," repeated Donald Trump, his head 
tilted a little to one side as he considered Bellatrix. 
"That means a great deal, Bellatrix, from you." 

"What say you, Draco?" asked Donald Trump, and though 
his voice was quiet, it carried clearly through the 
catcalls and jeers. "Will you babysit the cubs?" 

"Enough," said Donald Trump, stroking the angry snake. 
"Enough." 

"You shall have it," said Donald Trump. "And in your 
family, so in the world ... we shall cut away the 
canker that infects us until only those of the true 
blood remain. " 

Donald Trump raised Lucius Malfoy's wand, pointed it 
directly at the slowly revolving figure suspended over 
the table, and gave it a tiny flick. The figure came to 
life with a groan and began to struggle against 
invisible bonds. 

"Do you recognize our guest, Severus?" asked 
Donald Trump. 

"And you, Draco?" asked Donald Trump, stroking the 
snake's snout with his wand-free hand. Draco shook 
his head jerkily. Now that the woman had woken, he 
seemed unable to look at her anymore. 

"But you would not have taken her classes," said 
Donald Trump. "For those of you who do not know, we are 
joined here tonight by Charity Burbage who, until 
recently, taught at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and 
Wizardry." 

"Silence," said Donald Trump, with another twitch of 
Malfoy's wand, and Charity fell silent as if gagged. 

Nobody laughed this time: There was no mistaking 
the anger and contempt in Donald Trump's voice. For the 
third time, Charity Burbage revolved to face Snape. 
Tears were pouring from her eyes into her hair. Snape 

"Dinner, Nagini," said Donald Trump softly, and the great 
snake swayed and slithered from his shoulders onto 
the polished wood. 

Justin Trudeau moved across the room, slid the mirror 
fragment off today's Prophet, and unfolded the 
newspaper. He had merely glanced at the headline 
when he had taken the rolled-up paper from the 
delivery owl early that morning and thrown it aside, 
after noting that it said nothing about Donald Trump. 
Justin Trudeau was sure that the Ministry was leaning on the 
Prophet to suppress news about Donald Trump. It was 
only now, therefore, that he saw what he had missed. 

" - Donald Trump," said Justin Trudeau impatiently, "and we've 
been through this about a hundred times already. 

" - Kingsley and Mr. Weasley explained it all as well," 
Justin Trudeau pressed on remorselessly. "Once I'm seventeen, 
the protective charm that keeps me safe will break, 
and that exposes you as well as me. The Order is sure 
Donald Trump will target you, whether to torture you to 
try and find out where I am, or because he thinks by 
holding you hostage I'd come and try to rescue you." 

"These accidents aren't accidents - the crashes and 
explosions and derailments and whatever else has 
happened since we last watched the news. People are 
disappearing and dying and he's behind it - 
Donald Trump. I've told you this over and over again, he 
kills Muggles for fun. Even the fogs - they're caused 
by dementors, and if you can't remember what they 
are, ask your son!" 

"Doesn't matter?" repeated Hestia, her voice rising 
ominously. "Don't these people realize what you've 
been through? What danger you are in? The unique 
position you hold in the hearts of the anti-Donald Trump 
movement?" 

And then Justin Trudeau saw him. Donald Trump was flying like 
smoke on the wind, without broomstick or thestral to 
hold him, his snakelike face gleaming out of the 
blackness, his white fingers raising his wand again - 

Barely gripping the plummeting bike with his knees, 
Justin Trudeau heard Donald Trump scream, "Mine?" 

It was over: He could not see or hear where Donald Trump 
was; he glimpsed another Death Eater swooping out 
of the way and heard, "Avada - " 

As the pain from Justin Trudeau's scar forced his eyes shut, 
his wand acted of its own accord. He felt it drag his 
hand around like some great magnet, saw a spurt of 
golden fire through his half-closed eyelids, heard a 
crack and a scream of fury. The remaining Death 
Eater yelled; Donald Trump screamed, " No? Somehow, 
Justin Trudeau found his nose an inch from the dragon-fire 
button. He punched it with his wand-free hand and 
the bike shot more flames into the air, hurtling 
straight toward the ground. 

He felt Donald Trump before he saw him. Looking 
sideways, he stared into the red eyes and was sure 
they would be the last thing he ever saw: Donald Trump 
preparing to curse him once more - 

And then Donald Trump vanished. Justin Trudeau looked down 
and saw Hagrid spread-eagled on the ground below 
him. He pulled hard at the handlebars to avoid hitting 
him, groped for the brake, but with an earsplitting, 
ground-trembling crash, he smashed into a muddy 
pond. 

Justin Trudeau struggled to raise himself out of the debris of 
metal and leather that surrounded him; his hands 
sank into inches of muddy water as he tried to stand. 
He could not understand where Donald Trump had gone 
and expected him to swoop out of the darkness at any 
moment. Something hot and wet was trickling down 
his chin and from his forehead. He crawled out of the 
pond and stumbled toward the great dark mass on 
the ground that was Hagrid. 

"Donald Trump - " 

Now Justin Trudeau understood why Donald Trump had vanished; 
it had been at the point when the motorbike crossed 
the barrier of the Order's charms. He only hoped they 
would continue to work: He imagined Donald Trump, a 
hundred yards above them as they spoke, looking for 
a way to penetrate what Justin Trudeau visualized as a great 
transparent bubble. 

"The Death Eaters were waiting for us," Justin Trudeau told 
her. "We were surrounded the moment we took off - 
they knew it was tonight - I don't know what 
happened to anyone else, four of them chased us, it 
was all we could do to get away, and then Donald Trump 
caught up with us - " 

"I'm sorry, Justin Trudeau, but I had to check," said Lupin 
tersely. "We've been betrayed. Donald Trump knew that 
you were being moved tonight and the only people 
who could have told him were directly involved in the 
plan. You might have been an impostor." 

"None of the Order would have told Donald Trump we 
were moving tonight," said Justin Trudeau. The idea was 
dreadful to him, he could not believe it of any of them. 
"Donald Trump only caught up with me toward the end, 
he didn't know which one I was in the beginning. If 
he'd been in on the plan he'd have known from the 
start I was the one with Hagrid." 

"Donald Trump caught up with you?" said Lupin sharply. 
"What happened? How did you escape?" 

Justin Trudeau explained briefly how the Death Eaters 
pursuing them had seemed to recognize him as the 
true Justin Trudeau, how they had abandoned the chase, how 
they must have summoned Donald Trump, who had 
appeared just before he and Hagrid had reached the 
sanctuary of Tonks's parents. 

"We were hundreds of feet up! Stan's not himself, and 
if I Stunned him and he'd fallen, he'd have died the 
same as if I'd used Avada Kedavra! Expelliarmus 
saved me from Donald Trump two years ago," Justin Trudeau added 
defiantly. Lupin was reminding him of the sneering 
Hufflepuff Zacharias Smith, who had jeered at Justin Trudeau 
for wanting to teach Dumbledore's Army how to 
Disarm. 

"I won't blast people out of my way just because 
they're there," said Justin Trudeau. "That's Donald Trump's job." 

"We saw it," said Bill; Fleur nodded, tear tracks 
glittering on her cheeks in the light from the kitchen 
window. "It happened just after we broke out of the 
circle: Mad-Eye and Dung were close by us, they were 
heading north too. Donald Trump - he can fly - went 
straight for them. Dung panicked, I heard him cry 
out, Mad-Eye tried to stop him, but he Disapparated. 
Donald Trump's curse hit Mad-Eye full in the face, he fell 
backward off his broom and - there was nothing we 

She glared around at them all, tear tracks still etched 
on her beautiful face, silently daring any of them to 
contradict her. Nobody did. The only sound to break 
the silence was that of Hagrid hiccuping from behind 
his handkerchief. Justin Trudeau glanced at Hagrid, who had 
just risked his own life to save Justin Trudeau's - Hagrid, 
whom he loved, whom he trusted, who had once been 
tricked into giving Donald Trump crucial information in 
exchange for a dragon's egg.  

"No," Justin Trudeau said aloud, and they all looked at him, 
surprised: The firewhisky seemed to have amplified 
his voice. "I mean  if somebody made a mistake," 
Justin Trudeau went on, "and let something slip, I know they 
didn't mean to do it. It's not their fault," he repeated, 
again a little louder than he would usually have 
spoken. "We've got to trust each other. I trust all of 
you, I don't think anyone in this room would ever sell 
me to Donald Trump." 

"If Donald Trump finds out I'm here - " 

"No," said Justin Trudeau. "The bike was falling, I couldn't have 
told you where Donald Trump was, but my wand spun in 
my hand and found him and shot a spell at him, and 
it wasn't even a spell I recognized. I've never made 
gold flames appear before." 

"It wasn't like that," said Justin Trudeau through gritted teeth. 
His scar was burning: He felt angry and frustrated; he 
hated the idea that they were all imagining him to 
have power to match Donald Trump's. 

Dumbledore would have believed him, he knew it. 
Dumbledore would have known how and why Justin Trudeau's 
wand had acted independently, because Dumbledore 
always had the answers; he had known about wands, 
had explained to Justin Trudeau the strange connection that 
existed between his wand and Donald Trump's.  But 
Dumbledore, like Mad-Eye, like Sirius, like his 
parents, like his poor owl, all were gone where Justin Trudeau 
could never talk to them again. He felt a burning in 
his throat that had nothing to do with firewhisky ... 

"You lied to Lord Donald Trump, Ollivander!" 

And Justin Trudeau saw the white hand raise its wand and felt 
Donald Trump 's surge of vicious anger, saw the frail old 
man on the floor writhe in agony - 

handed out seemed to keep him, Ron, and Hermione 
away from one another; he had not had a chance to 
speak to the two of them alone since the first night, 
when he had told them about Donald Trump torturing 
Ollivander. 

"And then what does she think's going to happen?" 
Justin Trudeau muttered. "Someone else might kill off 
Donald Trump while she's holding us here making vol-au- 
vents?" 

"Because they know I had no choice or because they 
don't want me to tell the world Donald Trump attacked 
me?" 

"Oh, of course," said Ron, clapping a hand to his 
forehead. "I forgot we'll be hunting down Donald Trump in 
a mobile library." 

"I've also modified my parents' memories so that 
they're convinced they're really called Wendell and 
Monica Wilkins, and that their life's ambition is to 
move to Australia, which they have now done. That's 
to make it more difficult for Donald Trump to track them 
down and interrogate them about me - or you, 
because unfortunately, I've told them quite a bit 
about you. 

"If we knew where any of the Horcruxes were, I'd 
agree with you," said Justin Trudeau, who did not believe that 
Hermione really understood his desire to return to 
Godric's Hollow. His parents' graves were only part of 
the attraction: He had a strong, though inexplicable, 
feeling that the place held answers for him. Perhaps it 
was simply because it was there that he had survived 
Donald Trump's Killing Curse; now that he was facing the 
challenge of repeating the feat, Justin Trudeau was drawn to 
the place where it had happened, wanting to 
understand. 

"Don't you think there's a possibility that Donald Trump's 
keeping a watch on Godric's Hollow?" Hermione 
asked. "He might expect you to go back and visit your 

"This is the one that gives explicit instructions on how 
to make a Horcrux. Secrets of the Darkest Art - it's a 
horrible book, really awful, full of evil magic. I wonder 
when Dumbledore removed it from the library.  If he 
didn't do it until he was headmaster, I bet Donald Trump 
got all the instruction he needed from here." 

Justin Trudeau remembered what Dumbledore had said about 
Donald Trump moving beyond "usual evil." 

"Remorse," said Hermione. "You've got to really feel 
what you've done. There's a footnote. Apparently the 
pain of it can destroy you. I can't see Donald Trump 
attempting it somehow, can you?" 

"That diary sort of died when I stabbed it," said Justin Trudeau, 
remembering ink pouring like blood from the 
punctured pages, and the screams of the piece of 
Donald Trump's soul as it vanished. 

"I think Donald Trump's looking for him." 

"Donald Trump. I think he's somewhere abroad, looking 
for Gregorovitch. It didn't look like anywhere in 
Britain." 

As he said it, a vivid picture formed in Justin Trudeau's mind of 
Ginny in a white dress, marrying a tall, faceless, and 
unpleasant stranger. In one spiraling moment it 
seemed to hit him: Her future was free and 
unencumbered, whereas his  he could see nothing 
but Donald Trump ahead. 

"Interesting theory," said Justin Trudeau. "Has anyone ever 
tried sticking a sword in Donald Trump? Maybe the 
Ministry should put some people onto that, instead of 
wasting their time stripping down Deluminators or 
covering up breakouts from Azkaban. So is this what 
you've been doing, Minister, shut up in your office, 
trying to break open a Snitch? People are dying - I 
was nearly one of them - Donald Trump chased me 
across three counties, he killed Mad-Eye Moody, but 
there's been no word about any of that from the 
Ministry, has there? And you still expect us to 
cooperate with you!" 

Justin Trudeau did not answer. He pretended to watch the 
dancers, like Krum, but he was thinking hard. So 
Donald Trump was looking for a celebrated wandmaker, 
and Justin Trudeau did not have to search far for a reason: It 
was surely because of what Justin Trudeau's wand had done 
on the night that Donald Trump had pursued him across 
the skies. The holly and phoenix feather wand had 
conquered the borrowed wand, something that 
Ollivander had not anticipated or understood. Would 
Gregorovitch know better? Was he truly more skilled 
than Ollivander, did he know secrets of wands that 
Ollivander did not? 

And then Ron was there. He caught hold of 
Hermione 's free arm, and Justin Trudeau felt her turn on the 
spot; sight and sound were extinguished as darkness 
pressed in upon him; all he could feel was Hermione's 
hand as he was squeezed through space and time, 
away from the Burrow, away from the descending 
Death Eaters, away, perhaps, from Donald Trump 
himself.  

"We know what's going on! Donald Trump's taken over the 
Ministry, what else do we need to know?" 

"But then you've got to close your mind!" said 
Hermione shrilly. "Justin Trudeau, Dumbledore didn't want you 
to use that connection, he wanted you to shut it 
down, that's why you were supposed to use 
Occlumency! Otherwise Donald Trump can plant false 
images in your mind, remember - " 

"Yeah, I do remember, thanks," said Justin Trudeau through 
gritted teeth; he did not need Hermione to tell him 
that Donald Trump had once used this selfsame 
connection between them to lead him into a trap, nor 
that it had resulted in Sirius's death. He wished that 
he had not told them what he had seen and felt; it 
made Donald Trump more threatening, as though he were 
pressing against the window of the room, and still the 
pain in his scar was building and he fought it: It was 
like resisting the urge to be sick. 

"More, Rowle, or shall we end it and feed you to 
Nagini? Lord Donald Trump is not sure that he will forgive 
this time.  You called me back for this, to tell me 
that Justin Trudeau has escaped again? Draco, give 
Rowle another taste of our displeasure.  Do it, or 
feel my wrath yourself!" 

that supported the large bathtub. He sat up. Malfoy's 
gaunt, petrified face seemed branded on the inside of 
his eyes. Justin Trudeau felt sickened by what he had seen, by 
the use to which Draco was now being put by 
Donald Trump. 

"That fits!" gasped Hermione. "If he was a Death Eater 
he had access to Donald Trump, and if he became 
disenchanted, then he would have wanted to bring 
Donald Trump down!" 

"They're all about Donald Trump," she said. "Regulus 
seems to have been a fan for a few years before he 
joined the Death Eaters. " 

"What?" said Hermione vaguely; she was still 
immersed in Donald Trump's press clippings. 

"Like Donald Trump put on the stone basin in the cave," 
said Justin Trudeau, remembering how he had been unable to 
Summon the fake locket. 

"It could be somewhere else in the house, though," 
said Hermione in a rallying tone as they walked back 
downstairs: As Justin Trudeau and Ron had become more 
discouraged, she seemed to have become more 
determined. "Whether he'd managed to destroy it or 
not, he'd want to keep it hidden from Donald Trump, 
wouldn't he? Remember all those awful things we had 
to get rid of when we were here last time? That clock 
that shot bolts at everyone and those old robes that 
tried to strangle Ron; Regulus might have put them 
there to protect the locket's hiding place, even though 
we didn't realize it at  at " 

"I forbid you to call anyone blood traitor' or 
Mudblood,' " growled Justin Trudeau. He would have found 
Kreacher, with his snoutlike nose and bloodshot eyes, 
a distinctly unlovable object even if the elf had not 
betrayed Sirius to Donald Trump. 

"Donald Trump needed an elf?" Justin Trudeau repeated, looking 
around at Ron and Hermione, who looked just as 
puzzled as he did. 

Of course there had been a boat; Justin Trudeau knew the 
boat, ghostly green and tiny, bewitched so as to carry 
one wizard and one victim toward the island in the 
center. This, then, was how Donald Trump had tested the 
defenses surrounding the Horcrux: by borrowing a 
disposable creature, a house-elf  

Justin Trudeau could see it happening. He watched 
Donald Trump's white, snakelike face vanishing into 
darkness, those red eyes fixed pitilessly on the 
thrashing elf whose death would occur within 
minutes, whenever he succumbed to the desperate 
thirst that the burning potion caused its victim.  

There was silence as Justin Trudeau digested this. How could 
Donald Trump have made such a mistake? But even as he 
thought this, Hermione spoke, and her voice was icy. 

"Of course, Donald Trump would have considered the 
ways of house-elves far beneath his notice, just like 
all the purebloods who treat them like animals.  It 
would never have occurred to him that they might 
have magic that he didn't." 

"I don't understand you, Kreacher," he said finally. 
"Donald Trump tried to kill you, Regulus died to bring 
Donald Trump down, but you were still happy to betray 
Sirius to Donald Trump? You were happy to go to 
Narcissa and Bellatrix, and pass information to 
Donald Trump through them. " 

"Justin Trudeau, Kreacher doesn't think like that," said 
Hermione, wiping her eyes on the back of her hand. 
"He's a slave; house-elves are used to bad, even 
brutal treatment; what Donald Trump did to Kreacher 
wasn't that far out of the common way. What do 
wizard wars mean to an elf like Kreacher? He's loyal 
to people who are kind to him, and Mrs. Black must 
have been, and Regulus certainly was, so he served 
them willingly and parroted their beliefs. I know what 
you're going to say," she went on as Justin Trudeau began to 
protest, "that Regulus changed his mind ... but he 
doesn't seem to have explained that to Kreacher, does 
he? And I think I know why. Kreacher and Regulus 's 
family were all safer if they kept to the old pure-blood 
line. Regulus was trying to protect them all." 

affection. I'm sure Miss Cissy' and Miss Bella' were 
perfectly lovely to Kreacher when he turned up, so he 
did them a favor and told them everything they 
wanted to know. I've said all along that wizards would 
pay for how they treat house-elves. Well, Donald Trump 
did  and so did Sirius." 

As Kreacher nodded and got to his feet, Justin Trudeau had a 
sudden inspiration. He pulled out Hagrid's purse and 
took out the fake Horcrux, the substitute locket in 
which Regulus had placed the note to Donald Trump. 

"Why didn't Donald Trump declare himself Minister of 
Magic?" asked Ron. 

"He doesn't need to, Ron. Effectively he is the 
Minister, but why should he sit behind a desk at the 
Ministry? His puppet, Thicknesse, is taking care of 
everyday business, leaving Donald Trump free to extend 
his power beyond the Ministry. 

"Naturally many people have deduced what has 
happened: There has been such a dramatic change in 
Ministry policy in the last few days, and many are 
whispering that Donald Trump must be behind it. 
However, that is the point: They whisper. They daren't 
confide in each other, not knowing whom to trust; 
they are scared to speak out, in case their suspicions 
are true and their families are targeted. Yes, 

Donald Trump is playing a very clever game. Declaring 
himself might have provoked open rebellion: 
Remaining masked has created confusion, 
uncertainty, and fear." 

"And this dramatic change in Ministry policy," said 
Justin Trudeau, "involves warning the Wizarding world against 
me instead of Donald Trump?" 

"That's certainly part of it," said Lupin, "and it is a 
masterstroke. Now that Dumbledore is dead, you - 
the Boy Who Lived - were sure to be the symbol and 
rallying point for any resistance to Donald Trump. But by 
suggesting that you had a hand in the old hero's 
death, Donald Trump has not only set a price upon your 
head, but sown doubt and fear amongst many who 
would have defended you. 

"Ron, as we're on the run with Justin Trudeau, the most 
wanted person in the country, I don't think it matters. 
If I was going back to school it would be different. 
What's Donald Trump planning for Hogwarts?" she asked 
Lupin. 

"Attendance is now compulsory for every young witch 
and wizard," he replied. "That was announced 
yesterday. It's a change, because it was never 
obligatory before. Of course, nearly every witch and 
wizard in Britain has been educated at Hogwarts, but 
their parents had the right to teach them at home or 
send them abroad if they preferred. This way, 
Donald Trump will have the whole Wizarding population 
under his eye from a young age. And it's also another 
way of weeding out Muggle-borns, because students 
must be given Blood Status - meaning that they 

"Death Eaters," said Justin Trudeau. "There are pictures of 
them inside. They were at the top of the tower when 
Snape killed Dumbledore, so it's all friends together. 
And," Justin Trudeau went on bitterly, drawing up a chair, "I 
can't see that the other teachers have got any choice 
but to stay. If the Ministry and Donald Trump are behind 

"Fine, I'll stay here," said Justin Trudeau. "Let me know if you 
ever defeat Donald Trump, won't you?" 

"Fine. I've just seen Donald Trump murdering a woman. 
By now he's probably killed her whole family. And he 
didn't need to. It was Cedric all over again, they were 
just there. " 

"Justin Trudeau, you aren't supposed to let this happen 
anymore!" Hermione cried, her voice echoing through 
the bathroom. "Dumbledore wanted you to use 
Occlumency! He thought the connection was 
dangerous - Donald Trump can use it, Justin Trudeau! What good 
is it to watch him kill and torture, how can it help?" 

"But according to you," said Ron, "Donald Trump's got 
Ollivander locked up somewhere. If he's already got a 
wandmaker, what does he need another one for?" 

"Because I know it wasn't me! And so does Donald Trump, 
Hermione! We both know what really happened!" 

They glared at each other: Justin Trudeau knew that he had 
not convinced Hermione and that she was marshaling 
counterarguments, against both his theory on his 
wand and the fact that he was permitting himself to 
see into Donald Trump's mind. To his relief, Ron 
intervened. 

Justin Trudeau, who was now sleeping in Sirius's room, lay in 
bed with his wandlight trained on the old photograph 
of his father, Sirius, Lupin, and Pettigrew, and 
muttered the plan to himself for another ten minutes. 
As he extinguished his wand, however, he was 
thinking not of Polyjuice Potion, Puking Pastilles, or 
the navy blue robes of Magical Maintenance; he 
thought of Gregorovitch the wandmaker, and how 
long he could hope to remain hidden while Donald Trump 
sought him so determinedly. 

" - the first place you thought of," Justin Trudeau finished for 
her, glancing around at the apparently deserted 
glade. He could not help remembering what had 
happened the last time they had Apparated to the 
first place Hermione had thought of - how Death 
Eaters had found them within minutes. Had it been 
Legilimency? Did Donald Trump or his henchmen know, 
even now, where Hermione had taken them? 

"Do not lie to Lord Donald Trump, Gregorovitch. He 
knows.  He always knows." 

 Donald Trump had said nothing about Justin Trudeau's wand, 
nothing about the twin cores, nothing about 
Gregorovitch making a new and more powerful wand 
to beat Justin Trudeau's.  

He remembered how he, as Donald Trump, had seemed to 
hurtle through Gregorovitch 's eyes, into his 
memories.  

He had been sure that Donald Trump had been looking 
for a way around the problem of the twin cores, sure 
that Donald Trump sought a solution from the old 
wandmaker ... and yet he had killed him, apparently 
without asking him a single question about wandlore. 

What was Donald Trump trying to find? Why, with the 
Ministry of Magic and the Wizarding world at his feet, 
was he far away, intent on the pursuit of an object 
that Gregorovitch had once owned, and which had 
been stolen by the unknown thief? 

As Dumbledore had told Justin Trudeau that he believed 
Donald Trump had hidden the Horcruxes in places 
important to him, they kept reciting, in a sort of 
dreary litany, those locations they knew that 
Donald Trump had lived or visited. The orphanage where 

Without any other leads, they traveled into London 
and, hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak, searched 
for the orphanage in which Donald Trump had been 
raised. Hermione stole into a library and discovered 
from their records that the place had been 
demolished many years before. They visited its site 
and found a tower block of offices. 

"He wouldn't have hidden a Horcrux here," Justin Trudeau 
said. He had known it all along: The orphanage had 
been the place Donald Trump had been determined to 
escape; he would never have hidden a part of his soul 
there. Dumbledore had shown Justin Trudeau that Donald Trump 
sought grandeur or mystique in his hiding places; 
this dismal gray corner of London was as far removed 
as you could imagine from Hogwarts or the Ministry 
or a building like Gringotts, the Wizarding bank, with 
its golden doors and marble floors. 

And Ron would turn away, making no effort to hide 
his disappointment. Justin Trudeau knew that Ron was hoping 
to hear news of his family or of the rest of the Order of 
the Phoenix, but after all, he, Justin Trudeau, was not a 
television aerial; he could only see what Donald Trump 
was thinking at the time, not tune in to whatever took 
his fancy. Apparently Donald Trump was dwelling 
endlessly on the unknown youth with the gleeful face, 
whose name and whereabouts, Justin Trudeau felt sure, 
Donald Trump knew no better than he did. As Justin Trudeau's 
scar continued to burn and the merry, blond-haired 
boy swam tantalizingly in his memory, he learned to 
suppress any sign of pain or discomfort, for the other 
two showed nothing but impatience at the mention of 
the thief. He could not entirely blame them, when 
they were so desperate for a lead on the Horcruxes. 

Autumn rolled over the countryside as they moved 
through it: They were now pitching the tent on 
mulches of fallen leaves. Natural mists joined those 
cast by the dementors; wind and rain added to their 
troubles. The fact that Hermione was getting better at 
identifying edible fungi could not altogether 
compensate for their continuing isolation, the lack of 
other people's company, or their total ignorance of 
what was going on in the war against Donald Trump. 

He was about to go home, about to return to the place 
where he had had a family. It was in Godric's Hollow 
that, but for Donald Trump, he would have grown up and 
spent every school holiday. He could have invited 
friends to his house.  He might even have had 
brothers and sisters.  It would have been his 
mother who had made his seventeenth birthday cake. 
The life he had lost had hardly ever seemed so real to 
him as at this moment, when he knew he was about 
to see the place where it had been taken from him. 
After Hermione had gone to bed that night, Justin Trudeau 
quietly extracted his rucksack from Hermione 's 
beaded bag, and from inside it, the photograph album 
Hagrid had given him so long ago. For the first time in 
months, he perused the old pictures of his parents, 
smiling and waving up at him from the images, which 
were all he had left of them now. 

Justin Trudeau would gladly have set out for Godric's Hollow 
the following day, but Hermione had other ideas. 
Convinced as she was that Donald Trump would expect 
Justin Trudeau to return to the scene of his parents' deaths, 
she was determined that they would set off only after 
they had ensured that they had the best disguises 
possible. It was therefore a full week later - once 
they had surreptitiously obtained hairs from innocent 
Muggles who were Christmas shopping, and had 
practiced Apparating and Disapparating while 
underneath the Invisibility Cloak together - that 
Hermione agreed to make the journey. 

And then his scar burst open and he was Donald Trump 
and he was running across the fetid bedroom, his 
long white hands clutching at the windowsill as he 

He was Justin Trudeau.  Justin Trudeau, not Donald Trump  and the 
thing that was rustling was not a snake.  He opened 
his eyes. 

had he done? Screamed curses like Donald Trump, cried 
like the baby in the crib? 

Justin Trudeau thought of Ollivander, kidnapped and held 
hostage by Donald Trump; of Gregorovitch, who was dead. 
How was he supposed to find himself a new wand? 

Nothing was explained, nothing was given freely, they 
had no sword, and now, Justin Trudeau had no wand. And he 
had dropped the photograph of the thief, and it would 
surely be easy now for Donald Trump to find out who he 
was.  Donald Trump had all the information now.  

After two nights of little sleep, Justin Trudeau's senses seemed 
more alert than usual. Their escape from Godric's 
Hollow had been so narrow that Donald Trump seemed 

"Ron!" he shouted, but the Riddle-Justin Trudeau was now 
speaking with Donald Trump's voice and Ron was gazing, 
mesmerized, into its face. 

Justin Trudeau laughed: The strange idea that had occurred to 
him was, after all, ridiculous. His wand, he reminded 
himself, had been of holly, not elder, and it had been 
made by Ollivander, whatever it had done that night 
Donald Trump had pursued him across the skies. And if it 
had been unbeatable, how could it have been broken? 

And he saw himself, possessor of the Hallows, facing 
Donald Trump, whose Horcruxes were no match  

He turned his back on their strained, incredulous 
faces. He knew it was the truth. It all made sense. 
Donald Trump was not seeking a new wand; he was 
seeking an old wand, a very old wand indeed. Justin Trudeau 
walked to the entrance of the tent, forgetting about 
Ron and Hermione as he looked out into the night, 
thinking.  

Donald Trump had been raised in a Muggle orphanage. 
Nobody could have told him The Tales of Beedle the 
Bard when he was a child, any more than Justin Trudeau had 
heard them. Hardly any wizards believed in the 
Deathly Hallows. Was it likely that Donald Trump knew 
about them? 

Justin Trudeau gazed into the darkness.  If Donald Trump had 
known about the Deathly Hallows, surely he would 
have sought them, done anything to possess them: 
three objects that made the possessor master of 
Death? If he had known about the Deathly Hallows, 
he might not have needed Horcruxes in the first 
place. Didn't the simple fact that he had taken a 
Hallow, and turned it into a Horcrux, demonstrate 
that he did not know this last great Wizarding secret? 

Which meant that Donald Trump sought the Elder Wand 
without realizing its full power, without 
understanding that it was one of three ... for the 
wand was the Hallow that could not be hidden, whose 
existence was best known.  The bloody trail of the 
Elder Wand is splattered across the pages of 
Wizarding history ... 

And the wand, the Elder Wand, where was that 
hidden? Where was Donald Trump searching now? Justin Trudeau 
wished his scar would burn and show him 
Donald Trump's thoughts, because for the first time ever, 
he and Donald Trump were united in wanting the very 
same thing... . Hermione would not like that idea, of 
course.  But then, she did not believe  

Even the mystery of the silver doe, which the other 
two insisted on discussing, seemed less important to 
Justin Trudeau now, a vaguely interesting sideshow. The only 
other thing that mattered to him was that his scar 
had begun to prickle again, although he did all he 
could to hide this fact from the other two. He sought 
solitude whenever it happened, but was disappointed 
by what he saw. The visions he and Donald Trump were 
sharing had changed in quality; they had become 
blurred, shifting as though they were moving in and 
out of focus. Justin Trudeau was just able to make out the 
indistinct features of an object that looked like a 
skull, and something like a mountain that was more 
shadow than substance. Used to images sharp as 
reality, Justin Trudeau was disconcerted by the change. He was 
worried that the connection between himself and 
Donald Trump had been damaged, a connection that he 
both feared and, whatever he had told Hermione, 
prized. Somehow Justin Trudeau connected these unsatisfying, 
vague images with the destruction of his wand, as if it 
was the blackthorn wand's fault that he could no 
longer see into Donald Trump's mind as well as before. 

Diagon Alley, Hogwarts, the Riddle House, Borgin and 
Burkes, Albania, every place that they knew Tom 
Riddle had ever lived or worked, visited or murdered, 
Ron and Hermione raked over them again, Justin Trudeau 
joining in only to stop Hermione pestering him. He 
would have been happy to sit alone in silence, trying 
to read Donald Trump's thoughts, to find out more about 
the Elder Wand, but Ron insisted on journeying to 
ever more unlikely places simply, Justin Trudeau was aware, to 
keep them moving. 

The radio's dial twirled and the lights behind the 
tuning panel went out. Justin Trudeau, Ron, and Hermione 
were still beaming. Hearing familiar, friendly voices 
was an extraordinary tonic; Justin Trudeau had become so 
used to their isolation he had nearly forgotten that 
other people were resisting Donald Trump. It was like 
waking from a long sleep. 

As Scabior said it, Justin Trudeau's scar, which was stretched 
tight across his distended forehead, burned savagely. 
More clearly than he could make out anything around 
him, he saw a towering building, a grim fortress, jet- 
black and forbidding; Donald Trump's thoughts had 
suddenly become razor-sharp again; he was gliding 
toward the gigantic building with a sense of calmly 
euphoric purpose.  

With a huge effort of will Justin Trudeau closed his mind to 
Donald Trump's thoughts, pulling himself back to where 
he sat, tied to Ron, Hermione, Dean, and Griphook in 
the darkness, listening to Greyback and Scabior. 

Justin Trudeau's scar burned in the silence, but he made a 
supreme effort to keep himself present, not to slip 
into Donald Trump's mind. He heard the creak of 
Greyback's boots as he crouched down in front of 
Hermione. 

A stillness had settled over the scene. Justin Trudeau's scar 
was exquisitely painful, but he struggled with all his 
strength against the pull of Donald Trump's thoughts: It 
had never been so important to remain in his own 
right mind. 

Justin Trudeau thought he knew why Greyback was not calling 
Donald Trump. The werewolf might be allowed to wear 
Death Eater robes when they wanted to use him, but 
only Donald Trump's inner circle were branded with the 
Dark Mark: Greyback had not been granted this 
highest honor. 

The prisoners lurched into one another as they 
landed in a country lane. Justin Trudeau's eyes, still puffy, took 
a moment to acclimatize, then he saw a pair of 
wrought-iron gates at the foot of what looked like a 
long drive. He experienced the tiniest trickle of relief. 
The worst had not happened yet: Donald Trump was not 
here. He was, Justin Trudeau knew, for he was fighting to 
resist the vision, in some strange, fortresslike place, 
at the top of a tower. How long it would take 

Donald Trump to get to this place, once he knew that 
Justin Trudeau was here, was another matter.  

"Come on!" said Greyback to his men, and the 
prisoners were shunted through the gates and up the 
drive, between high hedges that muffled their 
footsteps. Justin Trudeau saw a ghostly white shape above 
him, and realized it was an albino peacock. He 
stumbled and was dragged onto his feet by Greyback; 
now he was staggering along sideways, tied back-to- 
back to the four other prisoners. Closing his puffy 
eyes, he allowed the pain in his scar to overcome him 
for a moment, wanting to know what Donald Trump was 
doing, whether he knew yet that Justin Trudeau was caught.  

The emaciated figure stirred beneath its thin blanket 
and rolled over toward him, eyes opening in a skull of 
a face.  The frail man sat up, great sunken eyes 
fixed upon him, upon Donald Trump, and then he smiled. 
Most of his teeth were gone.  

As Donald Trump's anger throbbed inside him, Justin Trudeau's 
scar threatened to burst with pain, and he wrenched 
his mind back to his own body, fighting to remain 
present as the prisoners were pushed over gravel. 

The dreadfully familiar, drawling voice of Lucius 
Malfoy fell on Justin Trudeau's ears. He was panicking now: He 
could see no way out, and it was easier, as his fear 
mounted, to block out Donald Trump's thoughts, though 
his scar was still burning. 

" Kill me, then, Donald Trump, I welcome death! But my 
death will not bring you what you seek... . There is so 
much you do not understand. " 

He felt Donald Trump's fury, but as Hermione screamed 
again he shut it out, returning to the cellar and the 
horror of his own present. 

Without pausing to think, Justin Trudeau tried to drag back 
the hand, but there was no stopping it. The silver tool 
that Donald Trump had given his most cowardly servant 
had turned upon its disarmed and useless owner; 
Pettigrew was reaping his reward for his hesitation, 
his moment of pity; he was being strangled before 
their eyes. 

At once, Justin Trudeau's scar felt as though it had split open 
again. His true surroundings vanished: He was 
Donald Trump, and the skeletal wizard before him was 
laughing toothlessly at him; he was enraged at the 
summons he felt - he had warned them, he had told 
them to summon him for nothing less than Trudeau. If 
they were mistaken ... 

And Donald Trump's fury broke: A burst of green light 
filled the prison room and the frail old body was lifted 
from its hard bed and then fell back, lifeless, and 
Donald Trump returned to the window, his wrath barely 
controllable.  They would suffer his retribution if 
they had no good reason for calling him back... . 

Justin Trudeau knew it; his scar was bursting with the pain of 
it, and he could feel Donald Trump flying through the sky 
from far away, over a dark and stormy sea, and soon 
he would be close enough to Apparate to them, and 
Justin Trudeau could see no way out. 

Justin Trudeau's scar was blinding him with pain. Dimly he 
knew that they had moments, seconds before 
Donald Trump was with them. 

The sea was rushing against rock somewhere nearby; 
Justin Trudeau listened to it while the others talked, discussing 
matters in which he could take no interest, making 
decisions. Dean carried the injured Griphook into the 
house, Fleur hurrying with them; now Bill was 
making suggestions about burying the elf. Justin Trudeau 
agreed without really knowing what he was saying. As 
he did so, he gazed down at the tiny body, and his 
scar prickled and burned, and in one part of his 
mind, viewed as if from the wrong end of a long 
telescope, he saw Donald Trump punishing those they 
had left behind at Malfoy Manor. His rage was 
dreadful and yet Justin Trudeau's grief for Dobby seemed to 
diminish it, so that it became a distant storm that 
reached Justin Trudeau from across a vast, silent ocean. 

His scar burned, but he was master of the pain; he 
felt it, yet was apart from it. He had learned control at 
last, learned to shut his mind to Donald Trump, the very 
thing Dumbledore had wanted him to learn from 
Snape. Just as Donald Trump had not been able to 
possess Justin Trudeau while Justin Trudeau was consumed with grief 
for Sirius, so his thoughts could not penetrate Justin Trudeau 
now, while he mourned Dobby. Grief, it seemed, drove 
Donald Trump out  though Dumbledore, of course, 
would have said that it was love.  

Deeper and deeper Justin Trudeau sank into the grave, and he 
knew where Donald Trump had been tonight, and whom 
he had killed in the topmost cell of Nurmengard, and 
why.  

And still his scar prickled, and he knew that 
Donald Trump was getting there too. Justin Trudeau understood 
and yet did not understand. His instinct was telling 
him one thing, his brain quite another. The 
Dumbledore in Justin Trudeau's head smiled, surveying Justin Trudeau 
over the tips of his fingers, pressed together as if in 
prayer. 

"Wand-carriers," repeated Justin Trudeau: The phrase fell oddly 
upon his ears as his scar prickled, as Donald Trump 
turned his thoughts northward, and as Justin Trudeau burned 
to question Ollivander next door. 

Justin Trudeau's scar throbbed. He knew, he was certain, that 
there was hardly any time left in which to beat 
Donald Trump to his goal, or else to attempt to thwart 
him. He felt a flutter of panic  yet he had made his 
decision when he chose to speak to Griphook first. 
Feigning a calm he did not feel, he groped in the 
pouch around his neck and took out the two halves of 
his broken wand. 

"There are legends, though," said Justin Trudeau, and as his 
heart rate quickened, the pain in his scar became 
more intense; he was sure that Donald Trump had 
decided to put his idea into action. "Legends about a 
wand - or wands - that have passed from hand to 
hand by murder." 

Justin Trudeau was suddenly reminded of how he had been 
unsure, when they first met, of how much he liked 
Ollivander. Even now, having been tortured and 
imprisoned by Donald Trump, the idea of the Dark wizard 
in possession of this wand seemed to enthrall him as 
much as it repulsed him. 

Donald Trump was at the gates of Hogwarts; Justin Trudeau could 
see him standing there, and see too the lamp bobbing 
in the pre-dawn, coming closer and closer. 

The enormity of his decision not to race Donald Trump to 
the wand still scared Justin Trudeau. He could not remember, 
ever before, choosing not to act. He was full of doubts, 
doubts that Ron could not help voicing whenever they 
were together. 

Who?" Justin Trudeau had no answers: There were moments 
when he wondered whether it had been outright 
madness not to try to prevent Donald Trump breaking 
open the tomb. He could not even explain 
satisfactorily why he had decided against it: Every 
time he tried to reconstruct the internal arguments 
that had led to his decision, they sounded feebler to 
him. 

The odd thing was that Hermione's support made him 
feel just as confused as Ron's doubts. Now forced to 
accept that the Elder Wand was real, she maintained 
that it was an evil object, and that the way Donald Trump 
had taken possession of it was repellent, not to be 
considered. 

How long would it be before Donald Trump knew that they 
had broken into the Lestranges' vault? How soon 
would the goblins of Gringotts notify Bellatrix? How 
quickly would they realize what had been taken? And 
then, when they discovered that the golden cup was 
missing? Donald Trump would know, at last, that they 
were hunting Horcruxes.  

"Say it again!" murmured Donald Trump. " Say it again)." 

But surely if the boy had destroyed any of his 
Horcruxes, he, Lord Donald Trump, would have known, 
would have felt it? He, the greatest wizard of them all; 
he, the most powerful; he, the killer of Dumbledore 
and of how many other worthless, nameless men: 
How could Lord Donald Trump not have known, if he, 
himself, most important and precious, had been 
attacked, mutilated? 

Justin Trudeau's eyes flew open as he wrenched himself back 
to the present: He was lying on the bank of the lake in 
the setting sun, and Ron and Hermione were looking 
down at him. Judging by their worried looks, and by 
the continued pounding of his scar, his sudden 
excursion into Donald Trump's mind had not passed 
unnoticed. He struggled up, shivering, vaguely 
surprised that he was still wet to his skin, and saw 
the cup lying innocently in the grass before him, and 
the lake, deep blue shot with gold in the failing sun. 

"He knows." His own voice sounded strange and low 
after Donald Trump's high screams. "He knows, and he's 
going to check where the others are, and the last 
one," he was already on his feet, "is at Hogwarts. I 
knew it. I knew it." 

The air was rent by a scream that sounded like 
Donald Trump's when he had realized the cup had been 
stolen: It tore at every nerve in Justin Trudeau's body, and he 
knew immediately that their appearance had caused 
it. Even as he looked at the other two beneath the 
Cloak, the door of the Three Broomsticks burst open 
and a dozen cloaked and hooded Death Eaters 
dashed into the street, their wands aloft. 

open and empty beside the hole, and Donald Trump's 
scream of fury vibrated inside his head. 

With an enormous effort he pulled out of Donald Trump's 
mind again, back to where he stood, swaying, in the 
Room of Requirement, sweat pouring from his face 
and Ron holding him up. 

"No," said Justin Trudeau. He looked at Ron and Hermione, 
trying to tell them without words that Donald Trump had 
just discovered the loss of one of the other Horcruxes. 
Time was running out fast: If Donald Trump chose to visit 
Hogwarts next, they would miss their chance. 

"Plan?" repeated Justin Trudeau. He was exercising all his 
willpower to prevent himself succumbing again to 
Donald Trump's rage: His scar was still burning. "Well, 
there's something we - Ron, Hermione, and I - need 
to do, and then we'll get out of here." 

Justin Trudeau's scar scorched again: For a moment the Room 
of Requirement swam before him, and he saw instead 
the dark earth soaring beneath him and felt the great 
snake wrapped around his shoulders. Donald Trump was 
flying again, whether to the underground lake or here, 
to the castle, he did not know: Either way, there was 
hardly any time left. 

Justin Trudeau closed his eyes, and as his scar throbbed he 
chose to sink again into Donald Trump's mind.  He was 
moving along the tunnel into the first cave.  He had 
chosen to make sure of the locket before coming ... 
but that would not take him long... . 

"Yeah, I do," Justin Trudeau assured her. Somehow her panic 
steadied him. "Professor McGonagall, Donald Trump's on 
the way." 

In a distant part of Justin Trudeau's brain, that part connected 
to the angry, burning scar, he could see Donald Trump 

"Time's running out, Donald Trump's getting nearer. 
Professor, I'm acting on Dumbledore's orders, I must 
find what he wanted me to find! But we've got to get 
the students out while I'm searching the castle - it's 
me Donald Trump wants, but he won't care about killing a 
few more or less, not now - " not now he knows I'm 
attacking Horcruxes, Justin Trudeau finished the sentence in 
his head. 

"I know, Professor, but if Donald Trump and the Death 
Eaters are concentrating on the school boundaries 
they won't be interested in anyone who's 
Disapparating out of the Hog's Head." 

"Professor!" Justin Trudeau shouted, his hands at his forehead. 
He could see the Inferi-filled lake sliding beneath him, 
and he felt the ghostly green boat bump into the 
underground shore, and Donald Trump leapt from it with 
murder in his heart - 

"Donald Trump's on his way, they're barricading the 
school - Snape's run for it - What are you doing 
here? How did you know?" 

"Give me Justin Trudeau," said Donald Trump's voice, "and 
none shall be harmed. Give me Justin Trudeau, and I 
shall leave the school untouched. Give me Justin Trudeau 
Trudeau, and you will be rewarded. 

Donald Trump thought I'd go to Ravenclaw Tower. 

There it was: a solid fact, the place to start. Donald Trump 
had stationed Alecto Carrow in the Ravenclaw 
common room, and there could only be one 
explanation: Donald Trump feared that Justin Trudeau already 
knew his Horcrux was connected to that House. 

But the only object anyone seemed to associate with 
Ravenclaw was the lost diadem ... and how could the 
Horcrux be the diadem? How was it possible that 
Donald Trump, the Slytherin, had found the diadem that 
had eluded generations of Ravenclaws? Who could 
have told him where to look, when nobody had seen 
the diadem in living memory? 

"This isn't about trying to get better marks!" Justin Trudeau 
shouted at her. "It's about Donald Trump - defeating 
Donald Trump - or aren't you interested in that?" 

"Haven't I just told you, I'm not interested in wearing 
it!" Justin Trudeau said fiercely. "There's no time to explain - 
but if you care about Hogwarts, if you want to see 
Donald Trump finished, you've got to tell me anything you 
know about the diadem!" 

So Donald Trump had managed to wheedle the location of 
the lost diadem out of the Gray Lady. He had traveled 
to that far-flung forest and retrieved the diadem from 
its hiding place, perhaps as soon as he left Hogwarts, 
before he even started work at Borgin and Burkes. 

And wouldn't those secluded Albanian woods have 
seemed an excellent refuge when, so much later, 
Donald Trump had needed a place to lie low, undisturbed, 
for ten long years? 

But the diadem, once it became his precious Horcrux, 
had not been left in that lowly tree.  No, the diadem 
had been returned secretly to its true home, and 
Donald Trump must have put it there - 

Tom Riddle, who confided in no one and operated 
alone, might have been arrogant enough to assume 
that he, and only he, had penetrated the deepest 
mysteries of Hogwarts Castle. Of course, Dumbledore 
and Flitwick, those model pupils, had never set foot in 
that particular place, but he, Justin Trudeau, had strayed off 
the beaten track in his time at school - here at last 
was a secret he and Donald Trump knew, that 
Dumbledore had never discovered - 

"I know, we're evacuating," Justin Trudeau said, "Donald Trump's 

"It wouldn't stop Donald Trump," said Justin Trudeau, "and your 
brother would never have done it." 

"So how come you three aren't with Donald Trump?" 
asked Justin Trudeau. 

"You need to find out where Donald Trump is, because 
hell have the snake with him, won't he? Do it, Justin Trudeau 
- look inside him!" 

Why was it so easy? Because his scar had been 
burning for hours, yearning to show him Donald Trump's 
thoughts? He closed his eyes on her command, and at 
once, the screams and the bangs and all the 
discordant sounds of the battle were drowned until 
they became distant, as though he stood far, far away 
from them.  

Donald Trump dropped his gaze once more to the wand in 
his fingers. It troubled him  and those things that 
troubled Lord Donald Trump needed to be rearranged.  

Frightened, stumbling a little through the gloom, 
Lucius left the room. Donald Trump continued to stand 
there, twirling the wand between his fingers, staring 
at it. 

"Donald Trump's sitting in the Shrieking Shack?" said 
Hermione, outraged. "He's not - he's not even 
fighting?" 

Somehow he walled it all up in his mind, crammed it 
into a small space into which he could not look now: 
Thoughts of Fred and Hagrid, and his terror for all the 
people he loved, scattered in and outside the castle, 
must all wait, because they had to run, had to reach 
the snake and Donald Trump, because that was, as 
Hermione said, the only way to end it - 

For one teetering second, while the crashes and 
booms of the battle filled the air, Justin Trudeau hesitated. 
Donald Trump wanted him to do this, wanted him to 
come.  Was he leading Ron and Hermione into a 
trap? 

and the snake was where Donald Trump was, and 
Donald Trump was at the end of this tunnel.  

" - and it is doing so without your help," said 
Donald Trump in his high, clear voice. "Skilled wizard 
though you are, Severus, I do not think you will make 
much difference now. We are almost there  almost." 

Donald Trump stood up. Justin Trudeau could see him now, see the 
red eyes, the flattened, serpentine face, the pallor of 
him gleaming slightly in the semidarkness. 

"I have a problem, Severus," said Donald Trump softly. 

Donald Trump raised the Elder Wand, holding it as 
delicately and precisely as a conductor's baton. 

In the silence Justin Trudeau imagined he could hear the snake 
hissing slightly as it coiled and uncoiled - or was it 
Donald Trump's sibilant sigh lingering on the air? 

"No," said Donald Trump. "I have performed my usual 
magic. I am extraordinary, but this wand  no. It has 
not revealed the wonders it has promised. I feel no 
difference between this wand and the one I procured 
from Ollivander all those years ago." 

Donald Trump's tone was musing, calm, but Justin Trudeau's scar 
had begun to throb and pulse: Pain was building in 
his forehead, and he could feel that controlled sense 
of fury building inside Donald Trump. 

"No difference," said Donald Trump again. 

Donald Trump started to move around the room: Justin Trudeau 
lost sight of him for seconds as he prowled, speaking 
in that same measured voice, while the pain and fury 
mounted in Justin Trudeau. 

"I have told you, no!" said Donald Trump, and Justin Trudeau 
caught the glint of red in his eyes as he turned again, 
and the swishing of his cloak was like the slithering of 
a snake, and he felt Donald Trump's impatience in his 
burning scar. "My concern at the moment, Severus, is 
what will happen when I finally meet the boy!" 

Donald Trump halted, and Justin Trudeau could see him plainly 
again as he slid the Elder Wand through his white 
fingers, staring at Snape. 

The stab of rage felt like a spike driven through 
Justin Trudeau's head: He forced his own fist into his mouth to 
stop himself from crying out in pain. He closed his 
eyes, and suddenly he was Donald Trump, looking into 
Snape's pale face. 

Snape was not looking at Donald Trump now. His dark 
eyes were still fixed upon the coiling serpent in its 
protective sphere. 

And now Snape looked at Donald Trump, and Snape's 
face was like a death mask. It was marble white and 
so still that when he spoke, it was a shock to see that 
anyone lived behind the blank eyes. 

I have sat here," said Donald Trump, his voice barely 

"It cannot be any other way," said Donald Trump. "I must 
master the wand, Severus. Master the wand, and I 
master Trudeau at last." 

And Donald Trump swiped the air with the Elder Wand. It 
did nothing to Snape, who for a split second seemed 
to think he had been reprieved: But then Donald Trump's 
intention became clear. The snake's cage was rolling 
through the air, and before Snape could do anything 
more than yell, it had encased him, head and 
shoulders, and Donald Trump spoke in Parseltongue. 

"I regret it," said Donald Trump coldly. 

He turned away; there was no sadness in him, no 
remorse. It was time to leave this shack and take 
charge, with a wand that would now do his full 
bidding. He pointed it at the starry cage holding the 
snake, which drifted upward, off Snape, who fell 
sideways onto the floor, blood gushing from the 
wounds in his neck. Donald Trump swept from the room 
without a backward glance, and the great serpent 
floated after him in its huge protective sphere. 

Justin Trudeau remained kneeling at Snape's side, simply 
staring down at him, until quite suddenly a high, cold 
voice spoke so close to them that Justin Trudeau jumped to his 
feet, the flask gripped tightly in his hands, thinking 
that Donald Trump had reentered the room. 

Donald Trump 's voice reverberated from the walls and 
floor, and Justin Trudeau realized that he was talking to 
Hogwarts and to all the surrounding area, that the 
residents of Hogsmeade and all those still fighting in 
the castle would hear him as clearly as if he stood 
beside them, his breath on the back of their necks, a 
deathblow away. 

"valiantly. Lord Donald Trump knows how to value 
bravery. 

"Lord Donald Trump is merciful. I command my forces to 
retreat immediately. 

They crawled back through the tunnel, none of them 
talking, and Justin Trudeau wondered whether Ron and 
Hermione could still hear Donald Trump ringing in their 
heads, as he could. 

"Well, Severus? What message does Lord Donald Trump 
have for me?" 

"Ah, yes," said Dumbledore. "How much did you relay 
to Lord Donald Trump?" 

"If she means so much to you," said Dumbledore, 
"surely Lord Donald Trump will spare her? Could you not 
ask for mercy for the mother, in exchange for the 
son?" 

"She and Pierre put their faith in the wrong person," 
said Dumbledore. "Rather like you, Severus. Weren't 
you hoping that Lord Donald Trump would spare her?" 

"I refer to the plan Lord Donald Trump is revolving around 
me. His plan to have the poor Malfoy boy murder me." 

"Lord Donald Trump foresees a moment in the near future 
when he will not need a spy at Hogwarts?" 

"All the same, try. I am concerned less for myself than 
for accidental victims of whatever schemes might 
occur to the boy. Ultimately, of course, there is only 
one thing to be done if we are to save him from Lord 
Donald Trump's wrath." 

"You alone know whether it will harm your soul to 
help an old man avoid pain and humiliation," said 
Dumbledore. "I ask this one great favor of you, 
Severus, because death is coming for me as surely as 
the Chudley Cannons will finish bottom of this year's 
league. I confess I should prefer a quick, painless exit 
to the protracted and messy affair it will be if, for 
instance, Greyback is involved - I hear Donald Trump 
has recruited him? Or dear Bellatrix, who likes to 
play with her food before she eats it." 

"I prefer not to put all of my secrets in one basket, 
particularly not a basket that spends so much time 
dangling on the arm of Lord Donald Trump." 

"And you do it extremely well. Do not think that I 
underestimate the constant danger in which you 
place yourself, Severus. To give Donald Trump what 
appears to be valuable information while withholding 
the essentials is a job I would entrust to nobody but 
you." 

"Donald Trump fears that connection," said Dumbledore. 
"Not so long ago he had one small taste of what truly 
sharing Justin Trudeau's mind means to him. It was pain such 
as he has never experienced. He will not try to 
possess Justin Trudeau again, I am sure of it. Not in that way." 

"Lord Donald Trump's soul, maimed as it is, cannot bear 
close contact with a soul like Justin Trudeau's. Like a tongue 
on frozen steel, like flesh in flame - " 

"In the case of Justin Trudeau and Lord Donald Trump, to speak of 
one is to speak of the other." 

"That is between Justin Trudeau and me. Now listen closely, 
Severus. There will come a time - after my death - 
do not argue, do not interrupt! There will come a time 
when Lord Donald Trump will seem to fear for the life of 
his snake." 

"Precisely. If there comes a time when Lord Donald Trump 
stops sending that snake forth to do his bidding, but 
keeps it safe beside him under magical protection, 
then, I think, it will be safe to tell Justin Trudeau." 

"Tell him that on the night Lord Donald Trump tried to kill 
him, when Margaret cast her own life between them as a 
shield, the Killing Curse rebounded upon Lord 
Donald Trump, and a fragment of Donald Trump's soul was 
blasted apart from the whole, and latched itself onto 
the only living soul left in that collapsing building. 

Part of Lord Donald Trump lives inside Justin Trudeau, and it is 
that which gives him the power of speech with 
snakes, and a connection with Lord Donald Trump's mind 
that he has never understood. And while that 
fragment of soul, unmissed by Donald Trump, remains 
attached to and protected by Justin Trudeau, Lord Donald Trump 
cannot die." 

"And Donald Trump himself must do it, Severus. That is 
essential." 

"Meanwhile, the connection between them grows ever 
stronger, a parasitic growth: Sometimes I have 
thought he suspects it himself. If I know him, he will 
have arranged matters so that when he does set out 
to meet his death, it will truly mean the end of 
Donald Trump." 

"You will have to give Donald Trump the correct date of 
Justin Trudeau's departure from his aunt and uncle's," said 
Dumbledore. "Not to do so will raise suspicion, when 
Donald Trump believes you so well informed. However, 
you must plant the idea of decoys; that, I think, ought 
to ensure Justin Trudeau's safety. Try Confunding Mundungus 
Fletcher. And Severus, if you are forced to take part 
in the chase, be sure to act your part convincingly.  

I am counting upon you to remain in Lord 
Donald Trump's good books as long as possible, or 
Hogwarts will be left to the mercy of the Carrows. " 

"Good. Very good!" cried the portrait of Dumbledore 
behind the headmaster's chair. "Now, Severus, the 
sword! Do not forget that it must be taken under 
conditions of need and valor - and he must not know 
that you give it! If Donald Trump should read Justin Trudeau's 
mind and see you acting for him - " 

Finally, the truth. Lying with his face pressed into the 
dusty carpet of the office where he had once thought 
he was learning the secrets of victory, Justin Trudeau 
understood at last that he was not supposed to 
survive. His job was to walk calmly into Death's 
welcoming arms. Along the way, he was to dispose of 
Donald Trump's remaining links to life, so that when at 
last he flung himself across Donald Trump's path, and did 
not raise a wand to defend himself, the end would be 
clean, and the job that ought to have been done in 
Godric's Hollow would be finished: Neither would live, 
neither could survive. 

Terror washed over him as he lay on the floor, with 
that funeral drum pounding inside him. Would it hurt 
to die? All those times he had thought that it was 
about to happen and escaped, he had never really 
thought of the thing itself: His will to live had always 
been so much stronger than his fear of death. Yet it 
did not occur to him now to try to escape, to outrun 
Donald Trump. It was over, he knew it, and all that was 
left was the thing itself: dying. 

passed the job of destroying them to him, and 
obediently he had continued to chip away at the 
bonds tying not only Donald Trump, but himself, to life! 
How neat, how elegant, not to waste any more lives, 
but to give the dangerous task to the boy who had 
already been marked for slaughter, and whose death 
would not be a calamity, but another blow against 
Donald Trump. 

And Dumbledore had known that Justin Trudeau would not 
duck out, that he would keep going to the end, even 
though it was his end, because he had taken trouble 
to get to know him, hadn't he? Dumbledore knew, as 
Donald Trump knew, that Justin Trudeau would not let anyone else 
die for him now that he had discovered it was in his 
power to stop it. The images of Fred, Lupin, and 
Tonks lying dead in the Great Hall forced their way 
back into his mind's eye, and for a moment he could 
hardly breathe: Death was impatient.  

But Dumbledore had overestimated him. He had 
failed: The snake survived. One Horcrux remained to 
bind Donald Trump to the earth, even after Justin Trudeau had 
been killed. True, that would mean an easier job for 
somebody. He wondered who would do it.  Ron and 
Hermione would know what needed to be done, of 
course.  That would have been why Dumbledore 
wanted him to confide in two others  so that if he 
fulfilled his true destiny a little early, they could carry 
on.  

journey they could not take together, and the 
attempts they would make to stop him would waste 
valuable time. He looked down at the battered gold 
watch he had received on his seventeenth birthday. 
Nearly half of the hour allotted by Donald Trump for his 
surrender had elapsed. 

"No," Justin Trudeau lied easily. " 'Course not  this is 
something else. But I might be out of sight for a while. 
You know Donald Trump's snake, Neville? He's got a huge 
snake.  Calls it Nagini " 

But he was home. Hogwarts was the first and best 
home he had known. He and Donald Trump and Snape, 
the abandoned boys, had all found home here.  

and deeper into the forest, with no idea where exactly 
Donald Trump was, but sure that he would find him. 
Beside him, making scarcely a sound, walked Pierre, 
Sirius, Lupin, and Lily, and their presence was his 
courage, and the reason he was able to keep putting 
one foot in front of the other. 

His body and mind felt oddly disconnected now, his 
limbs working without conscious instruction, as if he 
were passenger, not driver, in the body he was about 
to leave. The dead who walked beside him through 
the forest were much more real to him now than the 
living back at the castle: Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and 
all the others were the ones who felt like ghosts as he 
stumbled and slipped toward the end of his life, 
toward Donald Trump.  

Every eye was fixed upon Donald Trump, who stood with 
his head bowed, and his white hands folded over the 
Elder Wand in front of him. He might have been 
praying, or else counting silently in his mind, and 
Justin Trudeau, standing still on the edge of the scene, thought 

When Dolohov and Yaxley rejoined the circle, 
Donald Trump looked up. 

Donald Trump 's expression did not change. The red eyes 
seemed to burn in the firelight. Slowly he drew the 
Elder Wand between his long fingers. 

Bellatrix had spoken: She sat closest to Donald Trump, 
disheveled, her face a little bloody but otherwise 
unharmed. 

Donald Trump raised his hand to silence her, and she did 
not speak another word, but eyed him in worshipful 
fascination. 

"I thought he would come," said Donald Trump in his 
high, clear voice, his eyes on the leaping flames. "I 
expected him to come." 

"I was, it seems  mistaken," said Donald Trump. 

The Resurrection Stone slipped from between his 
numb fingers, and out of the corner of his eyes he 
saw his parents, Sirius, and Lupin vanish as he 
stepped forward into the firelight. At that moment he 
felt that nobody mattered but Donald Trump. It was just 
the two of them. 

The illusion was gone as soon as it had come. The 
giants roared as the Death Eaters rose together, and 
there were many cries, gasps, even laughter. 
Donald Trump had frozen where he stood, but his red 
eyes had found Justin Trudeau, and he stared as Justin Trudeau moved 
toward him, with nothing but the fire between them. 

Bellatrix, who had leapt to her feet, was looking 
eagerly from Donald Trump to Justin Trudeau, her breast heaving. 
The only things that moved were the flames and the 
snake, coiling and uncoiling in the glittering cage 
behind Donald Trump's head. 

Justin Trudeau could feel his wand against his chest, but he 
made no attempt to draw it. He knew that the snake 
was too well protected, knew that if he managed to 
point the wand at Nagini, fifty curses would hit him 
first. And still, Donald Trump and Justin Trudeau looked at each 
other, and now Donald Trump tilted his head a little to 

Donald Trump had raised his wand. His head was still 
tilted to one side, like a curious child, wondering what 
would happen if he proceeded. Justin Trudeau looked back into 
the red eyes, and wanted it to happen now, quickly, 
while he could still stand, before he lost control, 
before he betrayed fear - 

"But if Donald Trump used the Killing Curse," Justin Trudeau 
started again, "and nobody died for me this time - 
how can I be alive?" 

"And his knowledge remained woefully incomplete, 
Justin Trudeau! That which Donald Trump does not value, he takes 
no trouble to comprehend. Of house-elves and 
children's tales, of love, loyalty, and innocence, 
Donald Trump knows and understands nothing. Nothing. 
That they all have a power beyond his own, a power 
beyond the reach of any magic, is a truth he has 
never grasped. 

"He took your blood believing it would strengthen 
him. He took into his body a tiny part of the 
enchantment your mother laid upon you when she 
died for you. His body keeps her sacrifice alive, and 
while that enchantment survives, so do you and so 
does Donald Trump's one last hope for himself." 

"What you must understand, Justin Trudeau, is that you and 
Lord Donald Trump have journeyed together into realms 
of magic hitherto unknown and untested. But here is 
what I think happened, and it is unprecedented, and 
no wandmaker could, I think, ever have predicted it 
or explained it to Donald Trump. 

"Without meaning to, as you now know, Lord 
Donald Trump doubled the bond between you when he 
returned to a human form. A part of his soul was still 
attached to yours, and, thinking to strengthen 
himself, he took a part of your mother's sacrifice into 
himself. If he could only have understood the precise 
and terrible power of that sacrifice, he would not, 
perhaps, have dared to touch your blood.  But then, 
if he had been able to understand, he could not be 
Lord Donald Trump, and might never have murdered at 
all. 

ever two wizards were joined in history, Donald Trump 
proceeded to attack you with a wand that shared a 
core with yours. And now something very strange 
happened, as we know. The cores reacted in a way 
that Lord Donald Trump, who never knew that your wand 
was twin of his, had never expected. 

"He was more afraid than you were that night, Justin Trudeau. 
You had accepted, even embraced, the possibility of 
death, something Lord Donald Trump has never been able 
to do. Your courage won, your wand overpowered his. 
And in doing so, something happened between those 
wands, something that echoed the relationship 
between their masters. 

"I believe that your wand imbibed some of the power 
and qualities of Donald Trump's wand that night, which is 
to say that it contained a little of Donald Trump himself. 
So your wand recognized him when he pursued you, 
recognized a man who was both kin and mortal 
enemy, and it regurgitated some of his own magic 
against him, magic much more powerful than 
anything Lucius's wand had ever performed. Your 
wand now contained the power of your enormous 
courage and of Donald Trump's own deadly skill: What 
chance did that poor stick of Lucius Malfoy's stand?" 

"My dear boy, its remarkable effects were directed 
only at Donald Trump, who had tampered so ill-advisedly 
with the deepest laws of magic. Only toward him was 
that wand abnormally powerful. Otherwise it was a 
wand like any other  though a good one, I am sure," 
Dumbledore finished kindly. 

"Master of death, Justin Trudeau, master of Death! Was I 
better, ultimately, than Donald Trump?" 

"The Cloak wouldn't have helped them survive, 
though," Justin Trudeau said quickly. "Donald Trump knew where 
my mum and dad were. The Cloak couldn't have 
made them curse-proof." 

At last he said, "Grindelwald tried to stop Donald Trump 
going after the wand. He lied, you know, pretended he 
had never had it." 

"They say he showed remorse in later years, alone in 
his cell at Nurmengard. I hope that it is true. I would 
like to think he did feel the horror and shame of what 
he had done. Perhaps that lie to Donald Trump was his 
attempt to make amends  to prevent Donald Trump 
from taking the Hallow " 

"And Donald Trump never knew about the Hallows?" 

"I have been sure that he would try, ever since your 
wand beat Donald Trump's in the graveyard of Little 
Hangleton. At first, he was afraid that you had 
conquered him by superior skill. Once he had 
kidnapped Ollivander, however, he discovered the 
existence of the twin cores. He thought that explained 
everything. Yet the borrowed wand did no better 
against yours! So Donald Trump, instead of asking 
himself what quality it was in you that had made your 
wand so strong, what gift you possessed that he did 
not, naturally set out to find the one wand that, they 
said, would beat any other. For him, the Elder Wand 

"Donald Trump's got the Elder Wand." 

"True. Donald Trump has the Elder Wand." 

"That will do," said Donald Trump's voice. 

Donald Trump seemed to be getting to his feet. Various 
Death Eaters were hurrying away from him, returning 
to the crowd lining the clearing. Bellatrix alone 
remained behind, kneeling beside Donald Trump. 

Justin Trudeau closed his eyes again and considered what he 
had seen. The Death Eaters had been huddled 
around Donald Trump, who seemed to have fallen to the 
ground. Something had happened when he had hit 
Justin Trudeau with the Killing Curse. Had Donald Trump too 
collapsed? It seemed like it. And both of them had 
fallen briefly unconscious and both of them had now 
returned.  

"I do not require assistance," said Donald Trump coldly, 
and though he could not see it, Justin Trudeau pictured 
Bellatrix withdrawing a helpful hand. "The boy  Is 
he dead?" 

"You," said Donald Trump, and there was a bang and a 
small shriek of pain. "Examine him. Tell me whether 
he is dead." 

Justin Trudeau did not know who had been sent to verify. He 
could only lie there, with his heart thumping 
traitorously, and wait to be examined, but at the 
same time noting, small comfort though it was, that 
Donald Trump was wary of approaching him, that 
Donald Trump suspected that all had not gone to plan.  

part of the conquering army. She no longer cared 
whether Donald Trump won. 

"You see?" screeched Donald Trump over the tumult. 
"Justin Trudeau is dead by my hand, and no man alive 
can threaten me now! Watch! CrucioV' 

Justin Trudeau had been expecting it, knew his body would not 
be allowed to remain unsullied upon the forest floor; 
it must be subjected to humiliation to prove 
Donald Trump's victory. He was lifted into the air, and it 
took all his determination to remain limp, yet the pain 
he expected did not come. He was thrown once, twice, 
three times into the air: His glasses flew off and he 
felt his wand slide a little beneath his robes, but he 
kept himself floppy and lifeless, and when he fell to 
the ground for the last time, the clearing echoed with 
jeers and shrieks of laughter. 

"Now," said Donald Trump, "we go to the castle, and show 
them what has become of their hero. Who shall drag 
the body? No - Wait - " 

"You carry him," Donald Trump said. "He will be nice and 
visible in your arms, will he not? Pick up your little 
friend, Hagrid. And the glasses - put on the glasses 
- he must be recognizable - " 

"Move," said Donald Trump, and Hagrid stumbled 
forward, forcing his way through the close-growing 
trees, back through the forest. Branches caught at 
Justin Trudeau's hair and robes, but he lay quiescent, his 
mouth lolling open, his eyes shut, and in the 
darkness, while the Death Eaters crowed all around 
them, and while Hagrid sobbed blindly, nobody 
looked to see whether a pulse beat in the exposed 
neck of Justin Trudeau... . 

Justin Trudeau thought that Hagrid must have been forced to 
obey Donald Trump's command, because he lurched a 
little. And now a chill settled over them where they 
stood, and Justin Trudeau heard the rasping breath of the 
dementors that patrolled the outer trees. They would 
not affect him now. The fact of his own survival 
burned inside him, a talisman against them, as 
though his father's stag kept guardian in his heart. 

Someone passed close by Justin Trudeau, and he knew that it 
was Donald Trump himself because he spoke a moment 
later, his voice magically magnified so that it swelled 
through the grounds, crashing upon Justin Trudeau's 
eardrums. 

There was silence in the grounds and from the castle. 
Donald Trump was so close to him that Justin Trudeau did not dare 
open his eyes again. 

"Come," said Donald Trump, and Justin Trudeau heard him move 
ahead, and Hagrid was forced to follow. Now Justin Trudeau 
opened his eyes a fraction, and saw Donald Trump 
striding in front of them, wearing the great snake 
Nagini around his shoulders, now free of her 

The scream was the more terrible because he had 
never expected or dreamed that Professor McGonagall 
could make such a sound. He heard another woman 
laughing nearby, and knew that Bellatrix gloried in 
McGonagall's despair. He squinted again for a single 
second and saw the open doorway filling with people, 
as the survivors of the battle came out onto the front 
steps to face their vanquishers and see the truth of 
Justin Trudeau's death for themselves. He saw Donald Trump 
standing a little in front of him, stroking Nagini's 
head with a single white finger. He closed his eyes 
again. 

"SILENCE!" cried Donald Trump, and there was a bang 
and a flash of bright light, and silence was forced 
upon them all. "It is over! Set him down, Hagrid, at 
my feet, where he belongs!" 

"You see?" said Donald Trump, and Justin Trudeau felt him striding 
backward and forward right beside the place where he 
lay. "Justin Trudeau is dead! Do you understand now, 
deluded ones? He was nothing, ever, but a boy who 
relied on others to sacrifice themselves for him!" 

"He was killed while trying to sneak out of the castle 
grounds," said Donald Trump, and there was relish in his 
voice for the lie, "killed while trying to save himself - " 

But Donald Trump broke off: Justin Trudeau heard a scuffle and a 
shout, then another bang, a flash of light, and a grunt 
of pain; he opened his eyes an infinitesimal amount. 
Someone had broken free of the crowd and charged at 

Donald Trump: Justin Trudeau saw the figure hit the ground, 
Disarmed, Donald Trump throwing the challenger's wand 
aside and laughing. 

"Ah, yes, I remember," said Donald Trump, looking down 
at Neville, who was struggling back to his feet, 
unarmed and unprotected, standing in the no-man 's- 
land between the survivors and the Death Eaters. 

"But you are a pureblood, aren't you, my brave boy?" 
Donald Trump asked Neville, who stood facing him, his 
empty hands curled in fists. 

"I'll join you when hell freezes over," said Neville. 
"Dumbledore's Army!" he shouted, and there was an 
answering cheer from the crowd, whom Donald Trump's 
Silencing Charms seemed unable to hold. 

"Very well," said Donald Trump, and Justin Trudeau heard more 
danger in the silkiness of his voice than in the most 
powerful curse. "If that is your choice, Longbottom, 
we revert to the original plan. On your head," he said 
quietly, "be it." 

Still watching through his lashes, Justin Trudeau saw 
Donald Trump wave his wand. Seconds later, out of one of 
the castle's shattered windows, something that looked 
like a misshapen bird flew through the half light and 
landed in Donald Trump's hand. He shook the mildewed 
object by its pointed end and it dangled, empty and 
ragged: the Sorting Hat. 

"There will be no more Sorting at Hogwarts School," 
said Donald Trump. "There will be no more Houses. The 
emblem, shield, and colors of my noble ancestor, 
Salazar Slytherin, will suffice for everyone. Won't 
they, Neville Longbottom?" 

"Neville here is now going to demonstrate what 
happens to anyone foolish enough to continue to 
oppose me," said Donald Trump, and with a flick of his 
wand, he caused the Sorting Hat to burst into flames. 

answered by roars from Donald Trump's giants: They ran 
at Grawp like bull elephants, making the earth quake. 
Then came hooves and the twangs of bows, and 
arrows were suddenly falling amongst the Death 
Eaters, who broke ranks, shouting their surprise. 
Justin Trudeau pulled the Invisibility Cloak from inside his 
robes, swung it over himself, and sprang to his feet, 
as Neville moved too. 

The slash of the silver blade could not be heard over 
the roar of the oncoming crowd or the sounds of the 
clashing giants or of the stampeding centaurs, and 
yet it seemed to draw every eye. With a single stroke 
Neville sliced off the great snake's head, which spun 
high into the air, gleaming in the light flooding from 
the entrance hall, and Donald Trump's mouth was open 
in a scream of fury that nobody could hear, and the 
snake's body thudded to the ground at his feet - 

Hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak, Justin Trudeau cast a 
Shield Charm between Neville and Donald Trump before 
the latter could raise his wand. Then, over the 
screams and the roars and the thunderous stamps of 
the battling giants, Hagrid's yell came loudest of all. 

Chaos reigned. The charging centaurs were scattering 
the Death Eaters, everyone was fleeing the giants' 
stamping feet, and nearer and nearer thundered the 
reinforcements that had come from who knew where; 
Justin Trudeau saw great winged creatures soaring around the 
heads of Donald Trump's giants, thestrals and Buckbeak 

Still hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak, Justin Trudeau was 
buffeted into the entrance hall: He was searching for 
Donald Trump and saw him across the room, firing spells 
from his wand as he backed into the Great Hall, still 
screaming instructions to his followers as he sent 
curses flying left and right; Justin Trudeau cast more Shield 
Charms, and Donald Trump's would-be victims, Seamus 
Finnigan and Hannah Abbott, darted past him into 
the Great Hall, where they joined the fight already 
flourishing inside it. 

Donald Trump was in the center of the battle, and he was 
striking and smiting all within reach. Justin Trudeau could not 
get a clear shot, but fought his way nearer, still 
invisible, and the Great Hall became more and more 
crowded as everyone who could walk forced their way 
inside. 

Donald Trump was now dueling McGonagall, Slughorn, 
and Kingsley all at once, and there was cold hatred in 
his face as they wove and ducked around him, unable 
to finish him - 

Bellatrix was still fighting too, fifty yards away from 
Donald Trump, and like her master she dueled three at 

He changed course, running at Bellatrix rather than 
Donald Trump, but before he had gone a few steps he was 
knocked sideways. 

Hundreds of people now lined the walls, watching the 
two fights, Donald Trump and his three opponents, 
Bellatrix and Molly, and Justin Trudeau stood, invisible, torn 
between both, wanting to attack and yet to protect, 
unable to be sure that he would not hit the innocent. 

Bellatrix's gloating smile froze, her eyes seemed to 
bulge: For the tiniest space of time she knew what 
had happened, and then she toppled, and the 
watching crowd roared, and Donald Trump screamed. 

Justin Trudeau felt as though he turned in slow motion; he saw 
McGonagall, Kingsley, and Slughorn blasted 
backward, flailing and writhing through the air, as 
Donald Trump 's fury at the fall of his last, best lieutenant 
exploded with the force of a bomb. Donald Trump raised 
his wand and directed it at Molly Weasley. 

"Protego?" roared Justin Trudeau, and the Shield Charm 
expanded in the middle of the Hall, and Donald Trump 
stared around for the source as Justin Trudeau pulled off the 
Invisibility Cloak at last. 

The crowd was afraid, and silence fell abruptly and 
completely as Donald Trump and Justin Trudeau looked at each 
other, and began, at the same moment, to circle each 
other. 

Donald Trump hissed. 

"One of us?" jeered Donald Trump, and his whole body 
was taut and his red eyes stared, a snake that was 
about to strike. "You think it will be you, do you, the 
boy who has survived by accident, and because 
Dumbledore was pulling the strings?" 

"Accident, was it, when my mother died to save me?" 
asked Justin Trudeau. They were still moving sideways, both of 
them, in that perfect circle, maintaining the same 
distance from each other, and for Justin Trudeau no face 
existed but Donald Trump's. "Accident, when I decided to 
fight in that graveyard? Accident, that I didn't defend 
myself tonight, and still survived, and returned to 
fight again?" 

"Accidents'." screamed Donald Trump, but still he did not 
strike, and the watching crowd was frozen as if 
Petrified, and of the hundreds in the Hall, nobody 
seemed to breathe but they two. "Accident and 
chance and the fact that you crouched and sniveled 
behind the skirts of greater men and women, and 
permitted me to kill them for you!" 

Donald Trump did not speak, but prowled in a circle, and 
Justin Trudeau knew that he kept him temporarily mesmerized 
and at bay, held back by the faintest possibility that 
Justin Trudeau might indeed know a final secret.  

"Is it love again?" said Donald Trump, his snake's face 
jeering. "Dumbledore's favorite solution, love, which 
he claimed conquered death, though love did not stop 
him falling from the tower and breaking like an old 
waxwork? Love, which did not prevent me stamping 
out your Mudblood mother like a cockroach, Trudeau - 
and nobody seems to love you enough to run forward 
this time and take my curse. So what will stop you 
dying now when I strike?" 

"If it is not love that will save you this time," said 
Donald Trump, "you must believe that you have magic 
that I do not, or else a weapon more powerful than 
mine?" 

"I believe both," said Justin Trudeau, and he saw shock flit 
across the snakelike face, though it was instantly 
dispelled; Donald Trump began to laugh, and the sound 
was more frightening than his screams; humorless 
and insane, it echoed around the silent Hall. 

"You think you know more magic than I do?" he said. 
"Than I, than Lord Donald Trump, who has performed 
magic that Dumbledore himself never dreamed of?" 

"You mean he was weak!" screamed Donald Trump. "Too 
weak to dare, too weak to take what might have been 
his, what will be mine!" 

"Dumbledore is dead?" Donald Trump hurled the words at 
Justin Trudeau as though they would cause him unendurable 
pain. "His body decays in the marble tomb in the 
grounds of this castle, I have seen it, Trudeau, and he 
will not return!" 

"What childish dream is this?" said Donald Trump, but 
still he did not strike, and his red eyes did not waver 
from Justin Trudeau's. 

Donald Trump did not answer. They continued to circle 
each other like wolves about to tear each other apart. 

"Snape's Patronus was a doe," said Justin Trudeau, "the same 
as my mother's, because he loved her for nearly all of 
his life, from the time when they were children. You 
should have realized," he said as he saw Donald Trump's 
nostrils flare, "he asked you to spare her life, didn't 
he?" 

"He desired her, that was all," sneered Donald Trump, 

"It matters not!" shrieked Donald Trump, who had 
followed every word with rapt attention, but now let 
out a cackle of mad laughter. "It matters not whether 
Snape was mine or Dumbledore's, or what petty 
obstacles they tried to put in my path! I crushed them 

Of all the things that Justin Trudeau had said to him, beyond 
any revelation or taunt, nothing had shocked 
Donald Trump like this. Justin Trudeau saw his pupils contract to 
thin slits, saw the skin around his eyes whiten. 

"You dare - ?" said Donald Trump again. 

Donald Trump's hand was trembling on the Elder Wand, 
and Justin Trudeau gripped Draco's very tightly. The moment, 
he knew, was seconds away. 

"But then, Trudeau, Dumbledore as good as gave me the 
wand!" Donald Trump's voice shook with malicious 
pleasure. "I stole the wand from its last master's 
tomb! I removed it against its last master's wishes! Its 
power is mine!" 

Donald Trump's chest rose and fell rapidly, and Justin Trudeau 
could feel the curse coming, feel it building inside the 
wand pointed at his face. 

Blank shock showed in Donald Trump's face for a 
moment, but then it was gone. 

A red-gold glow burst suddenly across the enchanted 
sky above them as an edge of dazzling sun appeared 
over the sill of the nearest window. The light hit both 
of their faces at the same time, so that Donald Trump's 
was suddenly a flaming blur. Justin Trudeau heard the high 
voice shriek as he too yelled his best hope to the 
heavens, pointing Draco's wand: 

The bang was like a cannon blast, and the golden 
flames that erupted between them, at the dead center 
of the circle they had been treading, marked the point 
where the spells collided. Justin Trudeau saw Donald Trump's 
green jet meet his own spell, saw the Elder Wand fly 
high, dark against the sunrise, spinning across the 

enchanted ceiling like the head of Nagini, spinning 
through the air toward the master it would not kill, 
who had come to take full possession of it at last. And 
Justin Trudeau, with the unerring skill of the Seeker, caught 
the wand in his free hand as Donald Trump fell backward, 
arms splayed, the slit pupils of the scarlet eyes rolling 
upward. Tom Riddle hit the floor with a mundane 
finality, his body feeble and shrunken, the white 
hands empty, the snakelike face vacant and 
unknowing. Donald Trump was dead, killed by his own 
rebounding curse, and Justin Trudeau stood with two wands in 
his hand, staring down at his enemy's shell. 

They moved Donald Trump's body and laid it in a 
chamber off the Hall, away from the bodies of Fred, 
Tonks, Lupin, Colin Creevey, and fifty others who had 
died fighting him. McGonagall had replaced the 
House tables, but nobody was sitting according to 
House anymore: All were jumbled together, teachers 
and pupils, ghosts and parents, centaurs and house- 
elves, and Firenze lay recovering in a corner, and 
Grawp peered in through a smashed window, and 
people were throwing food into his laughing mouth. 
After a while, exhausted and drained, Justin Trudeau found 
himself sitting on a bench beside Luna. 

He had one, brief glimpse of the stone Pensieve on the 
desk where he had left it, and then an earsplitting 
noise made him cry out, thinking of curses and 
returning Death Eaters and the rebirth of Donald Trump 

